Last spring when our university switched to online teaching, I created a little program to make it easier to annotate PowerPoint slides during my online lectures. I thought others here might find it useful so I'm making it available for free. (Sorry, PC only!)   The program creates a hovering toolbar that allows the user to more easily switch between pens of different colors, and to access many other functions. Here is link to a short video that highlights the main features and that also includes the download instructions:    I shared a preliminary version of this program last spring and have now rewritten the program to make it easier to install and use. Thanks to all those who suggested improvements!  Let me know if you have any comments or questions!
Hello   I'm a professor and I need to make some online classes because of the pandemic and i'm going to use the powerpoint as a whiteboard with a Wacon tablet.  The problem is that I just have 2 pens and a highlighter in the drawing tools.    I need to add more pens to use different collors but there isn't a button to add more pens as i saw on some prints.     Can anyone help me? I'm on the last version of Windows 10 and using Office 365.
Hey guys, so something weird is happening with my presentation that I've never had happen before.  So my presentation needs narration. Last night, I did a voice recording through PowerPoint and set it to play in the background of all slides. Everything was perfect and working great, so I saved and closed it for the night. Today, I opened the presentation and the audio I recorded starts to play immediately without me doing the slide show. When I click on the audio icon on the first slide, it doesn't show that imanything is playing, so I can't pause it. So I thought closing the file and reopening it might help, but the audio STILL KEPT PLAYING after I closed it. I had to close out of every open program to get it to stop. There wasn't an audio program open or anything, so I have no idea whats happening.  I already tried deleting the audio from the presentation, but that didn't work. I have the audio saved on my computer though; should I try deleting that too?  Has this happened to anyone before? Any ideas on how to fix it? Any feedback will be greatly appreciated!!  Edit: forgot to mention that the version I have is the desktop 2016 one.
I need to teach my work group (and I hope to eventually release these to the internet) about new coding tech stacks, but I'm not sure what to use to most effectively do this. I've been making slide decks in Powerpoint/Keynote, but it's hard to do syntax highlighted coding (I can screenshot, but then it's not editable 😔), let alone "marking up" with annotations and explanations, unless I do lots of animations.  What are the tools you all use when you make coding tutorials for Youtube and such? I know I could use a code editor itself, but I'd rather stick to a set lesson plan and not type everything out live. Also, bonus points if you have some good ways to do animations and make it SUPER easy to follow for the viewer. Keep in mind I'll be doing these either over Youtube or web conferencing (e.g. Zoom).
Using the Files app to access and save files - Is this the best wayIf I create an Excel file on my MacBook, I want to be able to access it on my iPad Pro, edit it and save it. I also want to be able to do the same thing on my IPhone as well. Right now, if I do this, I have to open the file on my IPad Pro and its a read only so, I have to save it. Then if I try and open it on my IPhone, I have to do the same, therefore making 3 copies of the same file. I would like to just make one copy.   My thought would be to convert all my Excel, Word, PowerPoint files to Google Office Suite and then store them on my Google Drive and then edit them that way regardless of the platform that I am using or maybe try using my One Drive account to save everything that way. I also have a Windows 10 machine that would be nice to edit files as well. Or maybe I am going about this all wrong and need to know a different way.
Is there way to zoom in Powerpoint to my cursor?I would like to zoom where my cursor is like in Illustrator. Is there a plugin I can use or does anyone know how to do this.
Record Audio Narration w/ Manually Activated Animations? I'm using the Office 365 version of PowerPoint and have several multi-slide presentations that require recorded narration.  Many of the slides have animations already configured and going back in and configuring timings would be too time-consuming.  Is there a way to "Record Slide Show" while manually activating animations?  Currently when I go into the "Record Slide Show" mode, all of the animations/images/text boxes appear all at once and clicking my mouse advances to the next slide (instead of activating the animations).
Has anyone else had clicking sounds when they switch between slides while presenting a Powerpoint? I'm trying to stop the clicking.
How to convert Powerpoint slides(pptx) to HTML Pages I have to convert a deck of Powerpoint slides into a static website. I would like to know about any tools  and/or libraries available for doing this programmatically. I would prefer Javascript libraries but C#, Java or Python would work too.
Export as audio starts every audio with delay Hi! I have a PowerPoint with voiceover in each slide. When I create a video export for this ppt I get a few seconds of silence between different voice snippets.  Any ideas why this would happen? I am doing this for the first time in office 2019, everything should be on default.
Easy annotations of PowerPoint slides and making the cursor more obvious I created a couple of free programs to make my online lectures easier and I thought that others here might find them useful. So I'm making them available for free. (Sorry, PC only!)  The first program makes it easier to annotate PowerPoint slides during online lectures. It creates a hovering toolbar that allows the user to more easily switch between pens of different colors, and to access many other functions. Here is link to a short video that highlights the main features and that also includes the download instructions:    Let me know if you have any comments or questions!
For those annotating PowerPoint slides Last spring when our university switched to online teaching, I created a little program to make it easier to annotate PowerPoint slides during my online lectures. I thought others here might find it useful so I'm making it available for free. (Sorry, PC only!)  The program creates a hovering toolbar that allows the user to more easily switch between pens of different colors, and to access many other functions. Here is link to a short video that highlights the main features and that also includes the download instructions:    I shared a preliminary version of this program last spring and have now rewritten the program to make it easier to install and use. Thanks to all those who suggested improvements!  Let me know if you have any comments or questions!  &amp;#x200B;  ***JULY 28 EDIT:*** Following the suggestions of users here, the program has now been updated to version 2.1. The new features that are now available and that are not showcased in the video above are: You can now set hotkeys  to switch between some of the toolbar tools and to show/hide the  toolbar. You can also set the toolbar to not show up when the program is  started (and subsequently show the toolbar through a hotkey or by  clicking on the program's tray icon). This means you can, for example, use hotkeys to quickly switch between pen colors without ever showing the toolbar. There is also a new command to  create a blank black page during a presentation to act as a "blackboard", to complement the "whiteboard" command that was already present.
you should put in immersive reader so it can read out to us. if immersive reader is in word it should be in power point as well
The simplified ribbon is simple, just too simple for my liking. The classic ribbon has everything there, unlike the simplified ribbon. Let the simplified ribbon be off by default. The classic ribbon is much more useful and every time I'm on 365, I change it to classic ribbon
allow design ideas. Allow design ideas to show, even if the slide has a format other than a title page or title and content.
Screen recording. Just add it and stop declining it. KIDS NEED IT FOR SCHOOL. It'll be a great hit. And  it's already on normal powerpoint. I thought it would be on this too,
add reuse slides feature to Ppt online. Reuse Slides is very handy in desktop. Most of our devices are (unfortunately) Chromebooks so we need features in Online version.Just discovered Pear Deck add-on, which only works w/ online PPT, but to add their interactive slides, you have to download their PPT templates and copy/paste then reopen online to use them.  (Their Google Slides Add-on works exactly like PPT reuse Slides, so teachers are using that instead since it's easier.
Editor suggests positive words and phrases. My Idea is to reminding everyone to write positive words to make everyone's day it was like " don't worry, be happy!!
Please add a button that allows me to send an individual slide to someone. Instead of having to send entire slide decks or cutting down decks to just send a slide or a couple of slides add the capability to send just a single slide to someone as an attachment.
Add support for setting a document as read-only recommended. Sometimes when a teacher posts a document that we should do, I see that another student wrote their answers onit
From sharepoint, embedding a powerpoint on a LMS with audio play. Currently the PowerPoints have animations and audio but audio does not play in Sharepoint or OneDrive, or when using embed code into LMS. Audio is a big part of our 'accessibility' drive alongside immersive reader, so would really like this enabled in Powerpoint/Sharepoint/Onedrive.
Custom Slide Show. The options of inserting an audio clip and doing a custom slide show with timings are not available on ppt web.Kindly enable these options for a better experience of the users.
Ability to kick people out of your Teams power point.
Annotate live while using powepoint live. While using powerpoint live,  I would like the annotations to show up on the devices of the people viewing the live presentation too.
Export to Word document. It should have option to be converted to wordFile  as power point files are very heavy.
Word Count. Please bring back word count online. It is so much easier then having to copy and paste your text into a word counter website.
Make it so you can airdrop it to the tv. Air drop it for Apple TV
Play back recorded laser pointer. While watching a recorded slide show that contains a laser pointer, keep the laser pointer visible in PowerPoint for the web.
Previous versions had much better drawing tools for annotating slides while in the presentation mode.. Previous versions had much better drawing tools for annotating slides while in the presentation mode.  Please restore, will make online teaching/presenting much more effective.
Microsoft's PPT web can add audio tab in the insert tab to make out presentation interesting.. Microsoft's PPT web can add audio tab in the insert tab to make out presentation interesting.
to let people edit the same thing at the same time. just do it please
add a little goose to the stickers
Enable summary zoom and slide zoom. Add the slide zoom feature in the online version. As explained here:https://support.office.com/en-ie/article/use-zoom-for-powerpoint-to-bring-your-presentation-to-life-9d6c58cd-2125-4d29-86b1-0097c7dc47d7
Presentation Recording
Ability to add custom set of icons to Power point library.. Many times we need to use icons that is not available in the standard powerpoint icon library. We can copy paste each single icon from some where to powerpoint but there should be an easy way to to add these icons all together at once to online library or manage them at local library.For e.g. If I am developing a presentation on the Azure, Azure icons are not available in the standard icon set. Currently I need to copy icon by icon from web or some other source to power point to use them. If I have a way to add all these icon set into power point, it would be super useful.Many times we need to use icons that is not available in the standard powerpoint icon library. We can copy paste each single icon from some where to powerpoint but there should be an easy way to to add these icons all together at once to online library or manage them at local library.For e.g. If I am developing a presentation on the Azure, Azure icons are not available in the standard icon set. Currently I need to copy icon by icon from web or some other source to power point to use them. If I have a way… more
microsoft equation avaible in offline version is not available in office online. this makes typing equations, very difficult. one of the thing, which makes microsoft office , whether it is offline or online is that it is not user friendly when it comes to typing equations in office or powerpoint.. many people switch to latex because it is easy in that. i know that in office , there is microsoft equation, but i find this not user friendly. although it is best in creating a document, scientific documents often needs equations. students , teachers or researchers will find it very difficult to insert equtions into a document. if there are shortcuts to get these things, it will increase the number of office users. that is were the latex get more users and microsoft office lag behindone of the thing, which makes microsoft office , whether it is offline or online is that it is not user friendly when it comes to typing equations in office or powerpoint.. many people switch to latex because it is easy in that. i know that in office , there is microsoft equation, but i find this not user friendly. although it is best in creating a document, scientific documents often needs equations. students , teachers or researchers will find it very difficult to insert equtions into a document. if there are shortcuts to get these things, it will increase… more
Provide critiques for inappropriate language. I am a student (A kid not a teen or anything)People are cussing and I find that unnecessary. It can also be offensive. Please consider my idea for blocking or auto-correcting(no matter what they try to do to cuss) FOR STUDENTS/KIDS.Thank you for considering this and if not liking my idea then reading this :D
Please allow centimers (cm) as the measurement unit for slide & object sizes. Having only inches as the measurement unit for slide & object sizes has a huge impact on the workflow of users in all areas of the world using the metric system. Having to use a conversion tool from inches to cm is a show-stopper and will impact adoption of PowerPoint Online as a "on the go" tool for editing and creating basic content.
Make your own Design Ideas
PUT ZOOM IN ONLINE POWERPOINTS(MICROSOFT TEAMS) PLEASE DO IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. PUT ZOOM IN ONLINE POWERPOINTS(MICROSOFT TEAMS) PLEASE DO IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Add Compare functionality in Review. Please restore compare functionality in Review
Picture transparency. you should put a color changer for the picture so people can change the color and opacity
More variety of design ideas. do more colors and details so we can have a better and more exciting power point.
just fuck off microsoft teams. fuck my tits
Doc chat. you could chat to someone when you need to chat with someone so it will be easier to communicate with eachother on the slide
put more designs. put stickers
You should allow people to make their own custom Templates. People should be able to make their own powerpoint with the template they widh
Allow embed and share on social media sites. i just recived a slide show as PDF and it would be great to share that on whats app  so if you could even though this app belong to googleOne drive needs to improve for Office This app is very slow at downloading in office, also the chose to share with Social Media like whats app , Great things could be shared as folk like to create and office has this but no good choice for sharing on social media.
i cannot upload video in ppt. why i cannot upload video in ppt
Add Editor to PowerPoint. Dear Microsoft,I really enjoy the new Editor feature in Word. It helps my review my document for a variety of errors, and I feel like I have a real proof-reader by my side. But I also make a lot of presentations using PowerPoint. I wish I had the editor there too, so I could make the same impact to my audience.A valued user...
Add Clip Art. it has good images
Mobile friendly embed view. Embedding PowerPointThe embed code for inserting PowerPoint into a website should include HTML to adjust for smartphone use.
Allow embedded videos to play in Live. Ppt Live looks very interesting however the embedded videos (you tube) does not play in the audience view
Section support. This isn't an idea I've come up with - I'm just wondering if it's possible to add sections to slides in Power Point. I've utilized that feature in other versions but cannot find this tool in the Office 365.If this is not a feature, can it be added?
Advance Slide: allow the "Advance Slide After" property to be set. The work of constantly clicking the slideshow (If in the librariary, school, ect.)is noisy and annoying and disturbs the class or people.I was thinking if you had an automatic transitions of the slides then you wont need to have the work of constantly clicking the next slide after the next when you could just let the slides move by themselves.
Allow editing of the Design Ideas I choose. I would like to edit the the design ideas I like. I would like to change the shapes and colors. Also, why does idea appear under home and design? it seems a bit redundant.
Allow to Turn Off Spell Check for Certain Words. For some words you type, could you please be able to turn off the spell checker without having to add it to your dictionary.
this should be a thing when annoying people delete everything in your powerpoint. I want you to be able to select who can and can't edit your presentation.One day i was working on a powerpoint which took days to make and then an annoying person actually deleted everything in my presentation and that's where i got this idea.
add genres to the designer ideas and a bar to search your genre. At the designer ideas add a bar where to write your genre (example :history) and there to apear some ideas of slide backround designer. Please it would really help.
the transtions you added are the same ones in the app i want something new in both. it would be better if i didn't have to use the same transtions they justadded new ones to the web one but they are the same as the ones in the app we need something new
Be able to edit Ppts that my teachers have made so I can give them feedback.. Please do this!
Be able to edit Ppts that my teachers have made so I can give them feedback.
be able to change the language of your power point with just one button. make it so that on power point you can change the whole presentation to a different language, so that you don't have to do each text box individually.
add a transperency feature in the picture ribbon tab
Please add " Insert Video" and a little bit of coding, please. I would like to make interactice videos for my students. Thanks!
everthing
i have photo my old  my friend. have phot name janele  thommas
Customize Ribbon. I would like to have access to the developer tab in PowerPoint so I may use the whiteboard options  for presentations.
insert pdf to an online powerpoint. I would like to insert a pdf to an online powerpoint. as an image or as a preview on which someone can click to open the file
Editor support. Can you make Grammarly as an add-in like Word?
Start at option for numbered lists. Numbering "start at " option not exist even in classic Ribbon! or i not find it! So it will be good to add it -
focus button in power point. focus button so you can read school assignments a lot easier.
Add Save As in Teams. to edit the ppt in teams- example if you want to copy slides from external folder, you have to open in web application or desktop application.it is taking so much time to open the ppt, so need users simple way to edit the ppt without opening in desktop application. saves as option should be there to save from teams site to any other folder in the system.
Allow the same editing control as the desktop app. Allow the same editing control as the desktop app, such as the ability to customize color pallets and fonts, and create custom themes. Same for being able to access and edit master slides. All of these are accessible in the desktop app, but not the web app.
Who likes Power Point Online. hi there people using Power Point Online. Give this a like if You actually like Power Point online. Leave a comment if there is something you like/dislike. all comments will be reviewed and replied to, and if i think it is worth a new idea i will post it for you.All regards,Mackenzie
allow pictures to paste above 6MB. allow pictures to paste above 6MB*
making a tree. for a giraffe to eat  some leaves in the picture
Provide tool to lock graphics/text boxes to place. Provide a tool that would allow to lock graphics/text boxes/shapes etc in place to avoid accidentally moving them. It allows for easier selection of objects.Thank you
PowerPoint Live - let the presenter transmit audio if they need to. PowerPoint Live is an awesome addition to the classroom and really helps students with hearing difficulties or where English isn't their first language.Given the COVID19 situation, many students are off campus, so the option for a teacher to broadcast their mic within the same client would be fantastic. Plus, attendees could put their headphones in to listen more easily.
A new backround for designer one with a 3D motion!. a picture of Ariana grandae or Dan Balan and any type of singer with a cute puppy (a samoyed or Bichon Frize) moving with a smile and singing
Having PowerPoint voice over for the web would be super helpful, especially in my current situation where I need it for a college class.. powerpoint voice over
crop picture by shape (circle crop for example). When using crop pictures in PowerPoint for the web, right now it only supports rectangle crops. The circle crop is a must need for cropping people picture for example.
More things under the draw section. Put more things under the draw section.
Make App for remote control of PPT and PPT Online on iOS, Android, Android Wear, and Apple Watch!
Speaker Notes in embed view. I'm embedding my presentation on a website. I use this for online courses. The embedded frame does not allow speaker notes to be shown, one has to make the presentation full screen first and is taken to the MS office site instead.My suggestion is to allow for speaker notes view on the embedded frame itself, without taking the viewer away from my website to yours. We need the speaker notes so students can see what the slide is about, without the notes, it is just a picture with not much info there. Thenks.
Joey
add more fonts. Maybe you could add some fonts from Google!!!
we should be able to edit images like in the desktop app. we cant properly edit pictures in the online version. for example we cannot add artistic effects which is unfair
Add the text box to the simplified ribbon
Screen Recording. Please add screen recording to the web version ..PLEASE! I find it hard to insert videos so I use screen recording. But now I can't!! PLEASE BRING IT BACK!
good music for entire slide show (all genres)
Print support in Teams. Allow to print slide straight away on teams rather than have to go to PDF to print.
PLS ENABLE SLIDE ZOOM FEATURE IN POWERPOINT ONLINE EVEN IF IT HAS TO BE IN PREMIUM T_T. Enable slide zoom feature in PowerPoint online even though it has to be available in premium only. I think it will invite more users to buy the monthly promo premium subscription of office 365 since not many users can afford to buy the 1 yr subscription of office or Microsoft 365 product & license key (installer) . I am one of them.
Chat and edit the file at the same time in Teams. Have chat open and the file window open/ a ppt file.
Boomerang transition. I am a kid who wants a cooler set of transitions and moderators because some classmates cuss and they don't care. Please just moderate and add cooler transitions and animations PLEASE Office! I am counting on you!
If it works - don't fix it . .. . just so convenient - I love it!. leave it alone or insert more up to date pics
Please add the function to lock layers!. Please allow locking of layers without having to turn things into a whole picture. I need to be able to make quick presentations for my students.
Storybook template. IM trying to write a kid book
Why does it have to be so bad. Power point online is literal trash. It's worse than Google Slides from 2010. This is an embarrassment of software design. If I could use anything else for work, I would. How a company with billions of dollars could produce something so bloated, unintuitive, and poorly thought out boggles my mind.
Fix Copy and Paste between other MS Products and PowerPoint. Copy and pasting in and outside of powerpoint has always been flakey to say the least, specifically when coping and pasting between Word, Excel, PowerPoint to PowerPoint (if 2 decks are open). It's a nightmare. Sometimes I have to copy into notepad and back again - even MS Word. Why don't these products understand each other?!
Interactive Poll within PowerPoint. I would like to see the ability to create an interactive poll within PowerPoint that participants can vote on using their own devices. Gamification and leader boards would also be nice to host challenges and quizzes.
animated gifs in powerpoint online. Animated Gifs play in desktop powerpoint, but not in the online app.  There was a similar request that showed completed January, but it does not actually work. Gifs still display as static image
"callout" shape needs to be able to drag the pointy end.
Support Coach in more languages. Maybe you can add a function where when you present, you can change the language it will be evaluating you on. Like for example: German or Spanish.
I'd like to be able to choose to ban downloads with embedded iframe in PowerPoint I put in OneDrive.. I'd like to be able to choose to ban downloads with embedded iframe in PowerPoint I put in OneDrive.
insert image by link. inserting an image by link is way quicker than downloading an image.
Typographic correct typesetting in German settings should get revised!. First: The function to change quotation marks should not be activated as default, because most user would'nt recognise, that the functions works wrong or the would getting frustrated while trying to correct the pretended wrong correction!What happens is that if you try to set an apostrophe the program changes it to a single quotation mark!And what is especially absurd: MS seems to have no clue about German typesetting. Because the so called correction changes the typed apostrophe to a single quotation mark on the upper position.In Germany we use double quotation marks and start on the left side with low ones and close on the right side with high ones. The single ones we only use when we want to get a second instance of quotation. And then it would start on the lower position, too. Not in the upper left side!And the quotation mark is existing in the row of numbers on the keyboard. Why should we use the key with the apostrophe?And we need the apostrophe more often than the single quotation mark.First: The function to change quotation marks should not be activated as default, because most user would'nt recognise, that the functions works wrong or the would getting frustrated while trying to correct the pretended wrong correction!What happens is that if you try to set an apostrophe the program changes it to a single quotation mark!And what is especially absurd: MS seems to have no clue about German typesetting. Because the so called correction changes the typed apostrophe to a single quotation mark on the upper position.In Germany we use double quotation marks and start on the left… more
ZOOM VoiceOver Removal when return to Zoom is selected. Zoom is a brilliant feature that wow's the user, one improvement that could be made is to have an option to remove a voice over from a first tier slide upon returning to zoom. this will avoid repeat voiceover between different slides.
yfriciwcyeki. nonono
Fun fact and information about whats going on and how the future 9f thus. History or just fun knowledge
Just I need help if I want to edit something has send it by file how can I edit something on the slides. I think that we need someone to being help when we need something
Have the ability to change the transparency of the highlighting of the words.. I want to change the transparency of the highlighting in powerpoint and other office applications, we can change the transparency of the letters and change the colors and the text box, but that feature is not available in the highlighting of the word.When we try blue, it covers the text, it would be nice if we could change the color to light blue, I want to change the transparency to lighter or darker blue.
Larger PRINT or adjustment to see larger PRINT.. Larger PRINT or adjustment to see larger PRINT.  It wasn't possible to enlarge screen to review.
i want to edit wtf why u like this. i am mad from u all
cant we download it. cant we download it
Online Shopping PowerPoint Templates. With a mouse click around the earth this template is designed. E-commerce on (https://blackbearmerch.net/product/blackbear-anxiety-free-t-shirt/) the Internet will clarify this. Can also be used for business or computer testing. It is also possible to use commercially. However, unauthorized distribution is strictly prohibited.
Insert and update linked objects (Excel tables). Allow insertion and definitely updating of linked Excel tables in the online version of PowerPoint. Currently, this can only be achieved in the desktop app.Ideally, you could right-click on an object and have an option to update the object link.Also, have the option to update all object links in a presentation.
Return Background Tool. Please return the option to remove an image's background in the online version of powerpoint!
Copy from offline and Paste Online. Please I need to copy from my desktop and paste in online version keeping the format as I have it on my original document. Thanks.
add picture format dipshit. add everything that actuly on powerpoint
Shortcut keys not working correctly on web Power point. Shortcut keys not working correctly on web Power point
CLEAR SLIDE. CAN YOU ADD CLEAR SLIDE SO WHEN YOU MAKE A VERY BIG MISTAKE IN A WHOLE SLIDE PRESS THAT TO START IT OVER.
Have an option to edit it but keep it as a PDF.. Have an option to edit it but keep it as a PDF.
Get an apple emoji
u guys are so slow and cant give me good connection which is not allowing me to do my school work. u guys are so slow and cant give me good connection which is not allowing me to do my school work
i think that power point needs to be able to give you powers and to turn into the last airbender
I want to record my lesson for flipped class room. I want to record my lesson for flipped class room
Adding "Ruler" to MS Teams PowerPoint. Example: text after bullet points cannot be indented on the second line of text. This aligns the remaining text directly underneath the actual bullet versus indented flush with the first word after the bullet point.
allow audio to be added on web version
You Should add An App Player/Emulator so we can view apps inside the powerpoint. We want to add app viewers and site viewers to our powerpoints please add
Make Microsoft 365 free tomake more users come. Make Microsoft 365 free tomake more users come
sex. have sex
Include instruction at the beginning that there is no audio and to click on notes.. I tried to find audio several times when using a laptop; finally when using the desktop I noticed the "Notes" icon.
Include instruction at the beginning that there is no audio and to click on notes.. I tried to find audio several times when using a laptop; finally when using the desktop I noticed the "Notes" icon.
Add the modern app launcher, like on Outlook, Word, and Excel, to PowerPoint
Add the modern app launcher to PowerPoint
Add images from OneDrive - PERSONAL. You should be able to add a picture from your personal OneDrive account into a presentation without having to download it.
I like more features just like the desktop version. Desktop features for web
The format of saving PPT. Usually all the PPts that are made online are in pptx format so many of the android phone do not support the same. As if we add audio to the ppt it does not play. If like the normal version of the office we get the option of saving it as in ppt format it will be great so that we can add sound to the ppt and play on any android device easily
u guys suck!. delete power pointit sucks so bad
Lesson names. The teacher should be able to enter the class that they are teaching so that it is easier to find for students
Fix auto-scrolling on selection of table cells (PP 2016). Currently, when selecting table cells in PowerPoint, if the table extends off screen the view is auto-scrolled to the center of the table, even if this hides the cells being selected (for example, selecting cells at the top of the table will scroll to the center of the table, hiding the top of the table from view). This is extremely annoying and makes it almost impossible to precisely select certain areas of a table in this scenario.Instead of behaving in this manner, PowerPoint should scroll the view only when the cursor is moved near the edge of the screen during selection. Older versions (ex. 2010) did not have this issue.Currently, when selecting table cells in PowerPoint, if the table extends off screen the view is auto-scrolled to the center of the table, even if this hides the cells being selected (for example, selecting cells at the top of the table will scroll to the center of the table, hiding the top of the table from view). This is extremely annoying and makes it almost impossible to precisely select certain areas of a table in this scenario.Instead of behaving in this manner, PowerPoint should scroll the view only when the cursor is moved near the edge of the screen… more
Word art
in the preview when opened in outlook, it doesnt show up comments placed. One might miss them. so its good to show comments if present.
PowerPoint presentations should be able to support different slide sizes in section breaks.. Page size and orientation can be changed in section breaks in Word. The same feature needs to exist in PowerPoint, so that slides of different sizes can be used in the same presentation.
Recording Menu in Powerpoint Onlin. The Option to recording your Powerpointslides is necessary for School. Many Schools work with Office Online. And this feature would step up the work.
No navigationbar in embeded powerpoint.. I want to be able to hide the navigation bar on an imbeded powerpoint so that the user won't be able to navigate by going back and forth between slides but only via the clickable hyperlinks in the powerpoint. This way you can create an interactive powerpoint and imbed it in a sharepoint site to enhance user experience.
You should add a text box option on the home tab. It is not convenient to have to go to insert then text box then drag it to where you want it. Or go to shapes and do the same. If you add a text box option and be able to draw it, that would be great.
sometime i try to add 2 pictures but i cant and laged. plz vote so we dont get that lag and add 2 pictures, tanks.
Everyone should have a good day :). Everyone just has a good day, smiles cause theyre aliv. Ooh and we should all say what were thnakful for and tell the people we love, we love them.
videos. give us ways to download videos like converters
ADD MORE TRANSITIONS. UGHHH POWER POINT IS BORIIIING ADDDD
Please include export option to convert ppt slides to animated gif. Option to export PowerPoint slides to animated gif
Make PowerPoint stream live. For Distance Education, power point is the most used program. So if i have an option to stream my powerpoint and list of people joined the stream
add games. so people dont get bored
Dass die Clipart eingestellt worden sind ist sehr schlecht - bitte wieder einführen!!!!!. Dass es keine Clipart mehr im Office 2010 gibt, ist natürlich sehr schlecht und schade - bitte wieder einführen!!!Lorenzo Marazzi
THe vidoe was outstanding.  Slow down the video, back it up and have share and reflect about feelings and emotions
Please let me go back to the old format. I hate this.. Let me choose to go back to the way it used to be.
Sharepoint. How do I create a new group
background button. you need to have a background button so you can change your background
more editability in onedrive powerpoint interface- specifically charts eg MOVING AXIS LABELS AROUND ETC. as opposed to having to open them in desktop view. (I had added these charts from excel)
Please make a font that looks almost as if it has been scratched at with a knife (which would probably be used for horror stories).
I think you should add more designer ideas that relate to the title and content of a PowerPoint.
mack it esayer to put in a vidieo. make it so i can actualy put in a video
you should make the slides full screen or atleast keep an option then it will be good for people on big screens (like me). you should make the slides full screen or atleast keep an option then it will be good for people on big screens (like me)
"Zhu Li, do the thing". I think it would provide your services with excellent access to the latest innovative technologies.
Show fewer surveys. asking for feedback is dumb
Bring the link to another slide or Place in this Document option to 365. When using PowerPoint within SharePoint or 365 the option to Place in this Document is not available.This is pertinent to using PowerPoint to making guides and resources within profession settings.Please add this feature!
Need to put live themes or live themes with music!!. It would be cool if you could have a live theme or a live theme with music!! Or character live themes. ( like a theme with your favorite celebrity on it and it be a live theme)
I would like to be able to use multiple slide sizes in a single presentation.. I am instering an office timeline slide to my presentation, which is very long compared to my other slides. this feature should be there!
Making Brochures. You could make powerpoint better by enabling it to let us make brochures. This helps save a lot of time for people,who don't have to go to the print office to pick it up.
to make it so you can do all kind of art work. you can make diot art tie die art
Instead of foisting changes on us - can't you just demo your improvements to us?. E.G., simpler ribbon then let us chose whether we want it?
stop showing it
Add Rehearse with coach to the desktop App. I believe the rehearse with coach button should also be added to the Office Powerpoint App for Windows and macOS, let me know what you think!
Add scroll slides like in Google Slides. Edge is based off open-source chrome code? Why not everything?Btw I mean on the current slide scroll down to go to next slide and up for previous
You need it better
Add an "edit" icon next to the file name on the ribbon. It took me 2 minutes to find where to change the file name in editing mode. It would be easier to notice if you added an "edit" icon (like a pen icon or something) next to the document name so that people would notice it quicker. Optionally, adding the option to change the document name in "Info" tab in the "File" tab would make things easier.
Have the ability to edit with others at once.. On Google slides, you can edit/create a presentation with your school/work mates together. But on the web, you can't edit whilst someone else is. What if I know them but don't have them on my contacts list - how am I supposed to suggest stuff?
window, not full screen. I need to be able to go into presentation mode without it being full screen. This is an option for the desktop version, but it is not available on the app. Very frustrating.
I'm trying to edit Notes in PPT and it won't let me put the curser where I want it.. Powerpoint functionality
I think that settings on this app should have a place where you can zoom in because when I move my mouse, it zooms in.. I think that settings on this app should have a place where you can zoom in because when I move my mouse, it zooms in.
you can give me robux for free. give me robux
found a bug. found a bug
We should be able to crop shapes. thats all.
My problem is that when you save a PPT Show on your desktop, it allows users to click on hyperlinks. I use this feature all the time to prov. My problem is that when you save a PPT Show on your desktop, it allows users to click on hyperlinks. I use this feature all the time to provide remote learning, communicating with a large audience, and professional development. However, in order to share the PPT, I have to put it in OneDrive. One Drive doesn’t support Show, so when I create a PPT and send it to users, they don’t realize they need to add a step and click the present button in order for hyperlinks to work. I end up getting lots of emails that the links don’t work. Show works just fine in the desktop version, but I need it to work online.The best work around is to create a pdf because links still work in a pdf, but pdf’s aren’t a great option because a pdf won’t upload anywhere as an image, and users don’t click on files that don’t look appealing, so anything I create that is saved as a pdf doesn’t get opened or used. For now, I’ve been creating a pdf and then screenshotting the pdf to create an image. Then I link the image with the pdf so they have to click an extra time, but at least they can access the links. Not a great work around. Can someone please address this issue so I can share hyperlinks online.My problem is that when you save a PPT Show on your desktop, it allows users to click on hyperlinks. I use this feature all the time to provide remote learning, communicating with a large audience, and professional development. However, in order to share the PPT, I have to put it in OneDrive. One Drive doesn’t support Show, so when I create a PPT and send it to users, they don’t realize they need to add a step and click the present button in order for hyperlinks to work. I end up getting lots of emails that the links don’t… more
Online Shopping PowerPoint Templates. With a mouse click around the earth this template is designed. E-commerce on (https://lilpeepmerch.net/product-category/hellboy/) the Internet will clarify this. Can also be used for business or computer testing. It is also possible to use commercially. However, unauthorized distribution is strictly prohibited.
you should allow it to print out
please could you put the charts back on the page so we can make charts also on word online. please could you put the charts option back on word and powerpoint so we can make charts.
to give me 99999999999999999 vbux plz
you should smart up youre not very good joey ha ha
invade America kill police come back with money improve office.
Move between slides. Let you click on the left to jump back a slide and click on the right to jump forwards a slide
you could a option where you could translate a language into the language you want it to. if you don't do english you could simply change it into the language you want it to
Hide new ribbon.. We were able to hide the old ribbon completely. But there is no option to hide the new ribbon.
Make "Download as Images" dimensions Full HD. It is the great feature "Download as... Images" in PowerPoint 365, however, it outputs slides in 1280x720 whilst most modern projectors now operates Full HD (1920x1080) dimensions.I found a kind of workaround by changing Slide Size in Design ribbon to 20" width and 11.25" height, however, it hardly breaks layout and fonts, as discussed with Office 365 support team.Could you please either fix applying custom slide size or (preferrably) make "Download As Images' " dimensions Full HD (1920x1080)?
Drag pictures to other slides. When you choose the wrong picture for a slide but needs to be on a different slide its a hassle deleting the picture and inserting the picture onto a different slide, especially if you have to flip flop pictures. So we should be able to drag the picture to a different slide and remove it from the slide it came from.
bilgisayaraımdaki bir videoyu slaytıma aktarmak istiyorum bu konuda bir şeyler yapılmalı
Stop "simplifying" the UI for us. PowerPoint forced a pop-up in my face asking me why I wanted classic ribbon. I am really tired of UI designers "simplifying" things for me. Just stop. Hiding features just makes it harder to find the thing I am trying to do. I don't want to waste more time finding the latest way you have hid features that I use every day. PLEASE stop.
Smart Lookup for an image on a slide. I would like to be able to make a web search from a picture in a slide(right click on picture, web search with bing)
deberia ser en español
Make 3D moving Pictures free. vote for my idea
plz try not to ask money better is to downloading the app so plz give us the app to download
customisable simplified ribbon. make the home ribbon in PowerPoint customizable pls! will make a lot of miserable lives better!
Ability to rename using clipboard controls or shortcuts. I can't rename the file on the upper part of the screen using clipboard or  keyboard shortcuts. Only manual typing is allowed.
Have a recovery option for powerpoint live. Google slides has an option to recover a lost slide if you accidentally delete one. Ppt could really use that when using the live function.It would save time when we're all working from home during a pandemic and our young child decides to play on the computer...
my power point is not opening. I'm having hp all in one desktop in my pc i created one ppt presentation now i trying to open it its not opening what shall i do any one can please help me.
Be able to move slides in front or behind each other.
so i want to try out classic ribbon but I've accaullly tried it before but not is this this is so fun. I posted that cause I need to try it babies
can you delet this picture becouse we have big problem with this picture
More design Ideas. More design Ideas for every page even if its blank or not suitable and add more picture designs
Image previews and Copying things. I honestly switched back to google docs because I was trying to display a map that I had created. I used the snipping tool to copy it and attempted to paste it into the powerpoint. Sadly, it didn't work. Then, I proceeded to save the image and upload it, and the image looked blurry.
There should be a button to view ALL of your assignments instead of just ONE team. Should be a button to look at all assignments so you don't have to flick through every single team.
put a big [.   ] in the stickers
let grammarly have a access to power point. some of us want Grammarly in PowerPoint so we need  Grammarly to make it easier to correct so please make it happen🙏
be able to make links
Speaker notes on side rather than on bottom. option to put speaker notes on side rather than on bottom. lots of empty screen space there.
Retention of Background during usage of Designer. When one formats the background by inserting a picture from their device, one could have the option to retain it even as they use Designer.
All Of the Feautres on the app on the web!!
I was thinking that you put up a page reader on the side. Almost like the classic but better.. Like, instead of just viewing the documents on a single view, you can see a preview of the other pages on the sides instead of having to scroll from page to page to find the right one.
Very sad to share that the company like Microsoft is miss leading people with the names of it's softwares. I am a medical student and purc. Very Sad to share that the company like Microsoft is miss leading people. by the name of the softwares. I purchased a HP laptop in Sept.2019 with office 2019. considering that 2019 should be the latest one as the name says. I am a non IT guy, I was told by the shopkeeper that this the latest one. I trusted  on Microsoft 2019 and purchased the machine. Now after using this I found that some features in Power Point (Design Ideas) is not available. While contacting your helpline I came to know that office 365 has that features where I have office 2019. This is totally miss leading and confusing to all the students like me who are non IT guys and get an impression that the office 2019 is the latest one. I am feeling like cheated. Please do not keep names of your software which missllead people. I can't afford to pay for annual subscriptions.  for some features of power point as I am just a student.My bad experience is inspiring me to share this bad experience with all the students of my medical college so that people will beware before buying your products.Very Sad to share that the company like Microsoft is miss leading people. by the name of the softwares. I purchased a HP laptop in Sept.2019 with office 2019. considering that 2019 should be the latest one as the name says. I am a non IT guy, I was told by the shopkeeper that this the latest one. I trusted  on Microsoft 2019 and purchased the machine. Now after using this I found that some features in Power Point (Design Ideas) is not available. While contacting your helpline I came to know that office 365 has that features where I… more
Help prevent bullying. Please check what kids are saying to one another so that you can block any bullying content by not sending it to that kid. I don't want anybody to get bullied. Another 2 features I would like to include is voting for people to get banned if they are putting up any inappropriate, offensive, or mean content. The other feature I would like to include is to include these features and my other post for Word, Outlook, etc.  Please consider my idea!Thank you for considering my idea and if not considered then thank you for taking the time to read this! :D <3Thank you forPlease check what kids are saying to one another so that you can block any bullying content by not sending it to that kid. I don't want anybody to get bullied. Another 2 features I would like to include is voting for people to get banned if they are putting up any inappropriate, offensive, or mean content. The other feature I would like to include is to include these features and my other post for Word, Outlook, etc.  Please consider my idea!Thank you for considering my idea and if not considered then thank you for taking the time to… more
vorrei si potessero inserire i video da pc. vorrei si potessero inserire i video da pc
Add Capabilites in PowerPoint Javascript API for Add-ins. Current implementation is short https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office/dev/add-ins/reference/requirement-sets/powerpoint-api-requirement-sets?view=powerpoint-js-1.1 I was looking to develop with PowerPoint with the same capabilities as Word. For example: I miss to run an add-in in presenter mode , read notes and create a teleprompter view synchronized with PowerPoint.
Add Profession wise reusable templates which can have automatically suggestive content and user just need to fill it .. There are many  professional categories who use powerpoints for sales , technical ,consulting ,marketing and status presentations . It would be great to provide suggested templates to be used by Profession objective or by purpose :Like what is the object of using ppt : Status , marketing , offering display , decision making , feasibility analysis , new product reivew etc. based on this powerpoint can suggest templates having some market standard slides with sample content.1) this will help users in building a great story while presenting2) User will not be missing important slides to include ( like Cost and benefit slide is a must for product review /Business use case)There are many  professional categories who use powerpoints for sales , technical ,consulting ,marketing and status presentations . It would be great to provide suggested templates to be used by Profession objective or by purpose :Like what is the object of using ppt : Status , marketing , offering display , decision making , feasibility analysis , new product reivew etc. based on this powerpoint can suggest templates having some market standard slides with sample content.1) this will help users in building a great story while presenting2) User will not be missing important slides to include (… more
make copying possible from a read only document as it doesn't affect or change the document.. My idea is to make it possible to either have the "download a copy" option for read only files if the administrator/creator of the file allows it. And to be able to copy text from a read only file as it doesn't affect the file in any way...
More transistions and animations for powerpoint
Should i keep slides linking with another presentation?. When I copy slides from one presentation to another presentation can I keep a link between both presentation so if I make a change at one presentation it automatically changes in another presentation? this feature available on google slides.
Apply same design idea across slides. Allow the same design idea to be applied to multiple slides at a time (which follow an applicable layout) by selecting multiple slides and choosing a design idea.
Tutorial for new users. let there be a tutorial for a new user of this application
Add color fill menu in the draw tab. Addition of a paint bucket feature under Draw to help in the quick edit or creation of graphics in-slide. e.g. You have a graphic/icon/etc. where you need to change the color of whole areas, but don't have access to more powerful editing/design tools at the time.
Links don't work correctly when the files are in the onedrive folder. Automatic Update of Links don't work correctly when the POwerpoint/Excel files are in Onedrive.Create an excel pivot chart and save to OnedriveOPen a powerpoint and copy the pivot chart from the excel into it. Save in onedrive.Reopen the powerpoint, select Info - Edit lInks to files - set the AutoUpdate checkbox on. Close the filechange data in the excel pivot and save.Reopen the powerpoint - It does NOT auto-update. If you go back to the checkbox - it is now unticked.Same steps work fine when files are on hardrive etcSame thing happens if saved to a sharepoint folder. This is a big problem for our Finance people who do a lot of work like this. They have had to go back to saving things on their C:\  which is dangerous as there is no backup!It is not an option to manually update the links as there are often 20 or more links in a powerpoint.Automatic Update of Links don't work correctly when the POwerpoint/Excel files are in Onedrive.Create an excel pivot chart and save to OnedriveOPen a powerpoint and copy the pivot chart from the excel into it. Save in onedrive.Reopen the powerpoint, select Info - Edit lInks to files - set the AutoUpdate checkbox on. Close the filechange data in the excel pivot and save.Reopen the powerpoint - It does NOT auto-update. If you go back to the checkbox - it is now unticked.Same steps work fine when files are on hardrive etcSame thing happens if… more
I think it would be helpful to have several Spanish speaking CSC. Having  Spanish speaking CSC would assist our customers in so many ways, rather than using the language line. There is always miss communication with language line  and I believe it is because they do not understand the product .   This would be a better experience for our Spanish speaking customers
Common way of working across the Office Suite for all major tasks (format,edit,link,etc.). I'm waiting since Office 2.0 to get a product where formatting and basic operations are done the same way across the tool set (Word, Excel, Powerpoint, etc.). Still now with Office 365 formatting in Excel is different to how format works in Word, Powerpoint, Publisher or  Access? Word has an object inspector of some sort, Access has one that is completly different, just to Name a few examples. For pro users this is just a nuissance and time consuming. For the casual user, a Nightmare - every time a different method.Can you please change this before most of us turn a century old?y I've lost countless hours over the last 20 years to achieve a common look and feel across 2 or more Microsoft Office products when I needed to port a fininshed, polished file from say Excel into Word or Powerpoint. Thanks a lot.Every time you bring a new product, like Teams, it gets worse, because obviously the new Team is full of ideas and implements yet another way of working within  the app. Methods to how to format, position, style and link the data across the apps in the suite should be unified for as much as possible.I'm waiting since Office 2.0 to get a product where formatting and basic operations are done the same way across the tool set (Word, Excel, Powerpoint, etc.). Still now with Office 365 formatting in Excel is different to how format works in Word, Powerpoint, Publisher or  Access? Word has an object inspector of some sort, Access has one that is completly different, just to Name a few examples. For pro users this is just a nuissance and time consuming. For the casual user, a Nightmare - every time a different method.Can you please change this before most of us… more
Bubble Map for "Ideas"  on Powerpoint. You should create a bubble map option on "ideas" for ppts. This would make slides look cooler if they were explaining reasons why a project would be great or for a study on a legal case and why the defendant or plaintiff should win
Email collaborators
Table borders
Let me edit the fil
Pls have a Microsoft Application to open big files in Microsoft drive or to able to load big files PPT in this drive.. pls have a application for conversion of PFD big files to PPT
Set transparent background color. Have an option to remove a certain color.
Maybe keep transitions
for teams assignments the audio should be more controllable
Allow power point upload photos from iPad ! More college students are using iPads.. More college students are using iPads ! Be more compatible with iPads.
Please give me the option to print in color and to do one sided copies. Please give me the option to print in color and to print one sided copies.
Advance slide by click regions. It would be nice to have the option to go back when clicked left part of the screen and next slide when clicked right
Please make it edit friendly so i can show the work
You should not need to have shortcuts! I am on a iPad and I can’t copy anything because I don’t have the Ctrl key! I have to type all of it!. Please!
Allow PPT live preview in OneNote without needing to create embed link so that my files are not open to public. There should be a very simple option to link any office file already there in my OneDrive to OneNote. And there should be a prompt if we want live preview or just thumbnail for each linked file.Current system of live preview creates copy of my file in "OneNote Uploads" even though I am already linking it from OneDrive. Second, it creates embed link which puts my file in public and anyone can see it. I dont understand why this long detour just to see office files live in OneNote.
allow to search videos like we do pictures. wha tif a kid is using microsoft and they want to enter a video but they cant because they dont know what a url is, so i think if we can search up videos it will make it way easier
Support for creating themes. Can you please give us the ability to make our own themes on PowerPoint, Can you also make us use images to make themes (A.I will image>them
Copy support for Teams. Let people copy stuff in Microsoft
Improve SmartArt editing. Please make smart shapes editable shape by shape (color, text, etc)
PowerPoint Live. This may already be an idea that's out there --It would be a nice option to have the ability to share a link with participants where they can view the slide show as it is being presented from their personal device.For instance, if someone in the back of the room cannot make out some of the text on the screen at the front of the room, they could click the link on their personal device to jump directly to the current slide in the presentation to view and follow along with the presentation from their device.Please let me know if I need to provide further clarification.Thanks for your consideration.This may already be an idea that's out there --It would be a nice option to have the ability to share a link with participants where they can view the slide show as it is being presented from their personal device.For instance, if someone in the back of the room cannot make out some of the text on the screen at the front of the room, they could click the link on their personal device to jump directly to the current slide in the presentation to view and follow along with the presentation from their device.Please let… more
allow for shapes to be rotated. The desktop version of PowerPoint allows for shapes and pictures to be rotated to any desired orientation. This would be great to have in the online version as well.
Enable Hyperlink image. Please enable hyperlinking images in PowerPoint online. When an image is hyperlinked in the desktop app and then you open the presentation online, the link no longer works.
Add an equilateral triangle.. There is somehow no equilateral triangle in powerpoint
sound effects. add sound effects to animations and transitions
Link similar objects across slides for consistent styling. Create linked objects like in Adobe XD to change styling of various icons quickly and easily. If I have three icons across multiple slides in my file, I would need to change three on the current slide, identify the same icons on other slides, and changes those step-by-step. However, if I could link objects and have their styles update across slides, this would ensure consistent styling. See how it works in Adobe XD for more information.
Set margins in textbox. Make all text box features available in simple view. Couldn't find: change the margins option or text justification.
Copy share link in Teams. When I search a file in teams and then open it, I can't copy the URL. To copy the URL I have to find the file in the folder it's located in, which is not pratical.Also seaching for the file does not tell me what folder it's in. Just says "Shared Documents".
Change language: make it easier to find. Make it easier for my friend
Be able to add PowerPoint for the web to the start menu
actually allow gifs and animated pictures on the PowerPoint for the web. Actually allow gifs and animated pictures to show up and play on the PowerPoint for the web :)
Move to next slide using keyboard. When I'm taking notes on a presentation, instead of using a shortcut to go to the next slide to keep typing, I'm having to find my mouse, click the next slide, then click the notes again and keep typing. Sometimes presenters are talking so fast I don't have time to go between slides using 1 or 2 keys.
Make videos better quality. Make them unlaggy
Copy and paste from OneNote to PowerPoint. OneNote not like OneNote2016. I draw some ink stuff in OneNote or OneNote2016 that I want to transfert to PowerPoint:If I copy from OneNote2016, it is pasted as an Ink item in PowerPoint and then have access to Format Ink menu. It is the same Ink feature as if it where created in PowerPoint.If I copy from OneNote, it is pasted as a dumb Image in PowerPoint and I loose the Ink menu and all transparencies related features. Really not funny to work with when you try to superpose many Ink features.Both OneNote are taking the Ink from the same source in my OneDrive cloud.I tried all the paste options without result.I heard OneNote2016 will be phased out.Seems like a glitch?I am on Win10ThanksRobinInitial thread:https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/msoffice/forum/msofficepowerpoint-msowin10-mso_365hp/copy-and-paste-from-onenote-to-powerpoint-onenote/04b4b726-cfec-44b4-8b80-6b9ed5092eb9?messageId=bacea928-f62e-4686-95a8-e7463e44dd52I draw some ink stuff in OneNote or OneNote2016 that I want to transfert to PowerPoint:If I copy from OneNote2016, it is pasted as an Ink item in PowerPoint and then have access to Format Ink menu. It is the same Ink feature as if it where created in PowerPoint.If I copy from OneNote, it is pasted as a dumb Image in PowerPoint and I loose the Ink menu and all transparencies related features. Really not funny to work with when you try to superpose many Ink features.Both OneNote are taking the Ink from the same source… more
Insert Picture from SharePoint corporate assets library. You can insert picture from local storage and OneDrive, but not from SharePoint drives without mapping them in the file explorer.=> Selecting a SharePoint Folder from which clipart pictures can be inserted directly into Poswerpoint Slides would be a nice ideoa
Improve automatic layout on slide resize. Widescreen, standard etc. work great but after customizing the slide to my own dimensions, a text box or table etc. would give trouble fitting.
Save as HTML. ppt to html, css, javascript conversion (webpage)
Provide a way for users to hear embedded audio in a PowerPoint created in the desktop application.. Would also like to see this capability in the iOS mobile version for iPad and iPhone.
I am looking to put "duplicate" where I can find it easier.. I want to be able to keep an existing packet and duplicate then rename easier. Most times I have to copy and the original packet is lost.
Video editing tools. Imovie is honestly incredible, it helps with school work when we have to make videos. However, it's really frustrating when I have to go to the library because I dont have a macbook.
due  to the Coronavirus all college students should be able to save  a document from email to college email. due  to the Coronavirus all college students should be able to save  a document from email to college email to send work assignments
selected language applies to whole document
Add the Bing backround images to powerPoint. The app has Bing images but the website doesn't so I think adding it will make it better and like the app
Align across slides. Allow positioning of objects on slide. Can't position one object on one slide, and a second object in the same spot on the second slide.
PowerPoint for the web does not understand how to print a slide 0.. PowerPoint for the web does not understand how to print a slide numbered 0 in your pptx.  either prevent the client software from numbering the slide 0 or make the web version understand it when you go to print.
Add mini games. when I am presenting something in class at the end if there is a mini game I would ask about it in class and the most who gets points get a prize
Put the "Duplicate Slide" button on simplified ribbon
Dead or lock Slide for Interactive Presentations. PowerPoint is heavily used for Interactive and navigated presentations. But while using on Microsoft Surface if the user doesn't click the right hit area of the button (active button) the slide moves to the next or previous as per the gesture or as per the movement. If we introduce Dead or lock screen, here if by mistake the user clicks the stage, there is no action and the user will not Mess with the interactive and still remains on same slide until he actions the right button.
Spell check for comments. I am a teacher and it would help my students if the comment section had spell check.
you should let more than one person work on the slide. more than one person to edit the same slide at the same time
Excel formulas in tables. I have to do a lot presentations about our number projections, but I have to do all the algorithms manually because powerpoint doesn't have the option when adding a table to the slide.
Translation: Improve International Spell Check and Spell Check for Docs Containing Multiple Languages. , Japanese PowerPoint presentations that include bits of Latin characters within a Japanese sentence are being auto-detected as being English as the proofing language. This causes the text runs to be split up in an undesirable way behind the scenes, causing unwanted complexity when trying to parse these files for translation using CAT (computer-aided translation) tools.
in the coach, let us read the body and don't make us summarize it. in the coach, let us read the body and don't make us summarize it
Find a way to increase the pen width while in the resentation mode. These is no apparent way to change the pen width that appears in the presentation mode.  In a large room, the default (and only?) setting is too thin to appear clearly to folks in the back of the room.
Intelligent color picker. Sometimes it is hard to find a font color that shows up with your background. I feel like it would be nice if there were suggestions .
Design Ideas should match across slides. Make the suggested ideas match the other slides.
Track changes support. You have got to add track changes to powerpoint and Word. I can't use Sharepoint wihtout these capabilities with my team
Animation support for ink on slides.. You can allow for ink drawn on a slide to be animated by replay during the slide show. The replay feature already exists outside of the slide show, so the requirement would just be adding that functionality within the animations pane for replay.
add a select all button!. well it selects all the slides you want to move and it gives you some options you can copy selected slides and delete selected slides and move selected slides
resolve comments. When commenting I want to check off and mark as done so comments don't appear.  Right now the only way to do that is deleting a comment but then I lose the comment historyPlease make it like Google.  Mark as Done
Create a "Share as Slideshow" link option (without full HTML of embed code). With the recent change to open share links in Edit mode, if you want to send to a recipient to just play a slideshow, the recipient must then click to play the deck after opening it.In many cases, we want to the recipient to jump right into the slideshow mode.Embed code is similar, but comes with the additional HTML for the iFrame. If we just want to send the link via Teams, Skype or email, this is overkill.We'd like the Share option in PowerPoint to have an option to "open as slideshow" or "share as slideshow," so recipients can click to automatically view in slideshow mode.With the recent change to open share links in Edit mode, if you want to send to a recipient to just play a slideshow, the recipient must then click to play the deck after opening it.In many cases, we want to the recipient to jump right into the slideshow mode.Embed code is similar, but comes with the additional HTML for the iFrame. If we just want to send the link via Teams, Skype or email, this is overkill.We'd like the Share option in PowerPoint to have an option to "open as slideshow" or "share as slideshow," so… more
QuickStarter for web
let people type without putting in a text box. it is hard to always click on insert then get a text box then place it where you want. you should be able to just click your screen then start typing
Add Shift-key shortcut for drawing horizontal and vertical lines. We're missing the Shift-key shortcut from the desktop version that allows to draw horizontal, vertical and 45 degrees lines.
Multiple instances open of Teams. Teams is a good concept but there are limitations that have slowed its adoption. One feature I do not like is not being able to open up multiple instances as you are able to do with File Explorer, PowerPoint, Excel. If using teams to navigate, it can be frustrating having to hop back and forth between different file areas when you should be able to easily swap back and forth with multiple instances open.
Export to video. I want power point to make an add for tv commercials
Enable design ideas to be turned off in the online version.. Design ideas is great for some users and I applaud it in general.  However if you are one who doesn't need design ideas, it's a disruption and obstacle.  Please make it possible to turn it off in the on-line version.
3D Objects free movable during presentation. Since it is possible to import 3D objects into PowerPoint, it should be possible to turn the object around (like in the edit mode) during the presentation. You could show a 3D model freely from all sides and explain something about it. As I already said, it is possible in the edit mode of Power Point, but not in presentation mode.Thank you for your timeYoung Gerald
Need to be able to open office 2000 pp and office 2007 pp and use them in new office 365 presentations. overhead construction of existing power point files that are not compatible in three differnt office apps useless if cant be used office 2000+office 2007+office 2016+office 365 one drive constuction and debug would be nice
Animation previews. You know when you go to review your work and then constantly have to press the right arrow key in order to trigger animations? Well, what if you add a setting in the animations tab that triggers the animations 1 by 1 when you go into full screen? I'm really big on the aesthetics of Powerpoint, so this would be a nice addition.
Slide based permissions. I'd like to be able to be able to manage editing permissions based on each slide.I'd like to be able to allow all people to be read only.  Then on each slide (or section) be able to view a list of people and enable specific people to be able to edit the slide
Update Outlook Web Viewer to be able to zoom in. quick view for link attachments should have a zoom feature
Using CSS Web Fonts for fonts not necessarily available on all systems. Some fonts are not installed on all systems (e.g. Windings). Thus, some glyphs are displayed as boxes containing their codepoint.Web fonts seem to be supported by 97% of all user agents recently used (see https://caniuse.com/#search=web%20font)Download works as intended because of PDF font embedding.
Improve picture editing. Give powerpoint online the same edit tools for pictures like in the desktop application. Students are struggling to use the online version to edit photos such as remove background, recolour, hue, contrast, etc.
Hyperlink to another slide on the document
Always open documents in a new tab. Main problem is managing the files. When you open a ppt, you can't easily go back to file list and open another file. If you go back, you lose your open ppt. You should open documents in separate tab. That way it's way easier to go back and forth between documents and file list.
Freeform shape. Unlike the desktop version, you cannot draw a freeform shape which massively limits the drawing capability of the online version
Actions support. online presentation
PowerPoint subtitles on an ipad. Can you make the Subtitles mode available in Office365 PowerPoint online on an iPad please?
Mute/Unmute play across slides audio from any slide. Is there a currently a way to mute/unmute audio from any slide, not just the first slide? My presentation is setup to "Play Across Slides", "Loop Until Stopped" (Play in Background), but you can only start/stop the audio from the first slide, I would like to be able to do this from any slide.Thanks!
New transition ideas: dream, shatter, and more. I would like to use a vertical ripple or wavy lines transition as in https://youtu.be/Y76RK5bBs - A common TV/Movie trope for transitioning to a flashback scene or a dream sequence.
To add a timer of how much time there is in each slide. To add a especific option to add how much time will be for each slide. It will be really useful for people who have a specific amoung of time to do somthing ( that would be me, because I need a presentation of 8-10 minutes long for Octuber 18) and because I know I am not the only one thats why I am posting it to see if people are with me, but is not obligatory to vote. Thanks for reading this :3 (even though I know most people didn"t read this :v)  baiiii <3
Create a color blind viewing tool. Be able to see what people who suffer from color blindness see when presenting to them. For example, my friend cannot tell the difference between blues and greens. I would like to specify the colors someone struggles to differentiate and "see" the presentation how they see it.
it would be much better to have an option to view slide without any animation, i mean just content in one click. it would be much better to have an option to view slide without any animation, i mean just content in one click
Allow embed for public links. Right now, if you try to embed a powerpoint presentation to your website, it only works if you are signed in to sharepoint. If you sign out, the embedded link just says "Sign in to sharepoint". The embed feature is completely USELESS as it is now. I called support and they were a waste of time and provided absolutely no help. I was actually showing him how to embed the presentation to begin with. It works great if you are logged in. But not everyone has a sharepoint account, and I'm not sharing my log in so that people can view my presentation online. I tried slideshare, but it does not support animations. PDF again does not have animations. And video won't work either, because I want them to read the screen then click to the next screen (which is impossible with video). PLEASE HELP!!!!!!Right now, if you try to embed a powerpoint presentation to your website, it only works if you are signed in to sharepoint. If you sign out, the embedded link just says "Sign in to sharepoint". The embed feature is completely USELESS as it is now. I called support and they were a waste of time and provided absolutely no help. I was actually showing him how to embed the presentation to begin with. It works great if you are logged in. But not everyone has a sharepoint account, and I'm not sharing my log in so that people can… more
Ink to shape. so if you draw a crocked circle it will automaticly correct it into a circle.same for other shapes
Bookmark Design Ideas you want to use again. it would be nice cause there's this one slide that won't match the design idea i picked and it is only working for 6 of my slides and not working for all 7 of my slides and i'm getting reeeeeeeeaaaaaaaly frustrated
Provide ability to change the default fonts for a presentation. I would like to have a way to select a Theme, but then change the Font for my presentation, and the sizes and have the changes stay each time I add a new slide..  This is an issue mainly because there is a basic flaw in conventional presentation design that dictates that the title of a slide should be bigger than the content. But that is actually counter-productive to helping audiences remember the slides.
Link PPT review comments to specific text or objects. It would be beneficial to be able to link a review comment to specific text or an object.  All too often when we gather review comments that point to a bullet or line of text, subsequent edits to the text shifts the relative position and the comment then points to the wrong location.
Insert screenshot
You can make a thing were you can go and choose anything you need for your powerpoint, Like ideas but something even better.. Were you can like go on it and like choose really cool (real looking backgrounds) backgrounds, things that you can use on a PowerPoint. Like you'll need to have everything that people look up on ideas, except for bad things. Like on ideas I looked up " My brother Sam is Dead book" and a lot of cars pulled up on it. I really like ideas but I know that you'll will think of something even better.
using your excel sheet to create a graph in powerpoint. instead of pasting your data in the chart in powerpoint excel sheet that powerpoint itself creates, linked the chart directly to your own excel file so that you do not have to keep switching between different excel files when you have multiple charts on your powerpoint connected to data in excel files
Improve the Design Ideas Option. It should add design ideas when you add more than one picture or when you have another layout. Every time when I change the layout or add more than one picture it doesn't give me any design idea and I have to do a lot of work just to make the slide to look good.
merge shapes
Embed live tables from Excel Online. It'd be nice to be able to embed an Excel Online table into a presentation to get the most updated information using both tools.
Edit points in shape and connectors. Depending on how much space exists between the shapes, some curved connectors are forced into s-curves. This does not look nice. User should be able to override that feature.
Add laser pointer. When the people press and hold with their mouse, the red laser appears.
Don't show insert icon placeholder for non-subscribers. In Master view, add option to placeholder for icons for all 360 users. It can be greyed out or not visible for non-360 users. Its hard to set a template without icon placeholders
More shapes. More shapes like a trapezoid and parallelogram
Allow copying text in Read-only mode. Allow copying text in Read-only mode - right now I must download the presentation and open in local PowerPoint to grab text. Although the cursor changes over text lines I cannot select and copy.
I'd love to have the app start on the current slide when I click start presentation. Using Safari on a Mac and it doesn't work that way. I know there's another post that says this is working but I just tried it on Safari and it starts from the beginning.
Character spacing. add back the a-z because some people like me might have a lot of mental breakdowns from not being able to find these things
When providing a font error message, listing the offending font in the error message. We received an error message that states that there are read-only embedded fonts in the document when trying to edit in PowerPoint Online through Teams.However, there is no list of what those fonts are. Having them listed will help me resolve my problem.
Insert pictures from camera. so we can show pictures of our fellow animals or people
Restrict editing of header and footer. Lock the editing of header and footer items by users unless edited via slide master. This will protect the slide numbers, date & time or any other items added by creator or administrator into the slides as part of header and footer.
Add text to lines. Lines in powerpoint are connectors and can be attached to objects, but you can't add text to it. Adding text to lines would make it versatile and wouldn't hurt any existing functionality, being completely "opt-in".I'm IT consultant and I make use of Powerpoint almost every day to draw diagrams to show customers ideas and plans. Powerpoint isn't the best tool for this kind of diagrams, surely, but is the tool of choice because of it pervasiveness.For that reason, a few abilities like adding text to lines would really make my job easier.
Allow PowerPoint and word to access the clipboard for copy and paste
For all Online Office Apps ask for a file name/directory on the first save. I see a lot of people asking for a 'Save' button, but I don't mind the auto-save. However, there is a problem since it saves to a generic file id which ends up cluttering my directories with files that I don't know if they are valuable or not.So PLEASE just ask for a file name BEFORE the first auto-save. This would probably remove the requests for a 'save' button.PS LOVE the rename option but it's location seems a bit non-intuitive it should be more prominently place in a left menu near 'save as' for example.
have designer more often. designer is grate when yore a student in power point but could happen all of the time because it makes you look like a pro.
Pausing an animation. Dear PowerPoint Product Team,As this user asked, I'd like to suggest to add feature (Pausing function for the Animation) for later.[PowerPoint 2016 - Pausing an animation...code snippet...?]https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/msoffice/forum/all/powerpoint-2016-pausing-an-animationcode-snippet/0489c2aa-f675-48a9-8b74-91a9a26792a6Thank you.
A1 size for poster
Outline view on powerpoint online. Allow for outline view when using powerpoint online. This option does not exist for the online version. This is a problem for Chromebook users and as a student, I use powerpoint outlines a lot. But the online version doesn't have outline view and print, unless I do not know how to find it.
Copy and paste support on safari in iOS 12.4 iPad pro
better quality options for PDF output. It urgently needs more output quality in PDF output. I do a lot of projects with rendered images that all look nice in the Source PPT, but when I create the PDF, the beautiful gradients decay into ugly artifacts.Quite extremely the case, if a very reduced color number is present, the project e.g. was rendered only in the blue area and in shades of gray. Then the logos and fonts in the pictures are getting blurred.For projects with more colors this does not seem to be that serious. Just add a few options, you do not have to offer just these two options. Which is also incomprehensible that the output is wonderfully controllable only for individual images and the PDF then such a garbage.It urgently needs more output quality in PDF output. I do a lot of projects with rendered images that all look nice in the Source PPT, but when I create the PDF, the beautiful gradients decay into ugly artifacts.Quite extremely the case, if a very reduced color number is present, the project e.g. was rendered only in the blue area and in shades of gray. Then the logos and fonts in the pictures are getting blurred.For projects with more colors this does not seem to be that serious. Just add a few options, you do not have to… more
Change arrow tip size. when using connector arrows between shapes, the full-screen mode will cause the tips of the arrows to be entirely too small to see vs. in edit mode. you have to make the thickness of the arrow enormous to prevent this, which makes the slide hideous to have massive arrows just to force the tip to appear.
Chart support. Users have to open up powerpoint desktop client to add charts- they cannot do it in the browser versionPowerpoint online- this is now causing some issues for co-autoring- and conflicts- any updates on improving
Allow iOS based photos and media to be uploaded. If you let us upload iOS based media and photos, people can easily create presentations from apple based electronics.
Need to know ALL slides that use a particular master layout.... When hovering over a master layout, PPT indicates which slide numbers use that layout--but only the first few. We really need to be able to determine somewhere ALL the slides that use a particular layout.
Allow tabs in text boxes. Text Box Tabs - Tabs do not appear to be working, you have to use spaces
Motion to make the n-word a typo (Spelling Error) in powerpoint and word.. What the title says
Autocorrect for dates. When entering days of the week and calendar dates, have Outlook check the calendar to ensure that the day and date match. For example, if I typed "Tuesday, August 14" have Outlook prompt me, "Did you mean Wednesday, August 14, 2019?"
Fix delay oin outlook notifacitons. By the time the notice about a change in PPT shows up in outlook, I've already addressed the comment or issue. A long time lag makes this feature completely useless. Often several hours delayed!
Be able to delete all "Notes" at one time.. I would like to be able to delete all of the Notes in the notes section in stead of going through each individual slide.
Built-in sites onto slides. It would be really cool (and helpful) if you could have an in-slide browser where you can have a site up so you could do stuff on that site but you don't have to go to your browser.
Make the online pictures search feature better.. When I use online pictures for my slideshow and type something in, what pops up is usually not what I want. Please improve it to have the things I type in the search bar.
Support custom line spacing. google docs allows users to type their own custom line spacing, and i just tried the same in powerpoint online and i couldnt. all i got was a list of options to choose from...
To add more languages or dialects.... As someone who is British, it is slightly annoying to constantly get auto corrections to change words into American. I know it is a small problem, however, as a student I then get corrected by teachers.
Rotate Image inside shape. There is a fundamental issue in powerpoint: If you try to flip an image inside a shape, you can't flip it without affecting the shape as well.It is a major problem for a Graphic Designer like myself!
to make the subtitles faster. the subtitles go slow and i want them to go fast!
You need templates for magazines. It would really help if you could add some templates for magazines because it is quite hard to start off with nothing especially when the only templates are only of the cover page.
Add the capability to create a QR Code within the Sharing. Add the capability to create a QR Code within the Sharing feature in PowerPoint just like the Share QR code in Microsoft Forms.
Remove all links
Code Syntax Highlighting. As a software developer I want to create presentations that contain code with syntax highlighting. If you watch videos from talks on developer conferences there are a lot of them.Either as a new "Code" object that could be inserted from the "Insert" menu or as an extension to the default "Text Box". Either way, there should be a setting define the language, that should be highlighted (HTML, TypeScript, Go, C#, Java, etc.). Of course the highlighting should update while you type.(The Word Morphing Transitions are a huge feature for presenting changes in code. Just the syntax colors are missing.)As a software developer I want to create presentations that contain code with syntax highlighting. If you watch videos from talks on developer conferences there are a lot of them.Either as a new "Code" object that could be inserted from the "Insert" menu or as an extension to the default "Text Box". Either way, there should be a setting define the language, that should be highlighted (HTML, TypeScript, Go, C#, Java, etc.). Of course the highlighting should update while you type.(The Word Morphing Transitions are a huge feature for presenting changes in code. Just the syntax colors are… more
Improve text fidelity. Text looks outside the box!. However if you see in offline its  looks fine
Allow looping audio/video between bookmarks using seek. Just as it says. PowerPoint seems to ignore Bookmark B if it seeks bookmark A first time. When it should potentially loop.All the details can be found in https://bit.ly/2sYsejF
Paste as image
Allow Inserted Live Preview Files on OneNote to be edited. Now that OneNote has the ability to insert a link of a live preview of files, it would be even more awesome if we could edit the 'live' files so as to work on them collaboratively with others and have real life changes/collaboration on the same document...
Recorded slideshow playback speed adjustment. I think many users would love to be able to increase or decrease the speed that a slideshow plays when it has audio and annotation. School lectures for example. I have a course where the professor has created lectures in PowerPoint with audio and annotations, but the pace he goes at is slower than my preference so I struggle to maintain focus. If I could adjust the playback speed (without having to separate the audio from the slideshow so that the illustrations are done in-sync with the audio) it would improve my study experience.
I think you should let teachers students to enable or disable video if they need to because sometimes they be finding alot of nasty things.. My idea is to let kids and teachers enable videos or disable videos because students and teachers can find very inappropriate things not just nasty but bad stuff like meet me somewhere so we can fight so this would be my new idea.
Copy picture to other program. I want to copy a picture from PowerPoint Online to Paint, but nothing happens when I do. Copying the picture within PowerPoint works.
Implement a "Use Math AutoCorrect rules outside of math regions" option in all versions of PowerPoint (exactly what MS Word has). Implement a "Use Math AutoCorrect rules outside of math regions" option in PowerPoint (exactly what MS Word has). This would make it significantly faster and more intuitive to include Greek letters, symbols, and irregular math functions in a PowerPoint slide, without requiring any extra mouse clicks.This capability is already in MS Word and is a real time saver for those in technical fields.
Show shortcut key tooltips
Insert Audio and Music. We should be able to put music on our powerpoints.
Add more formatting tools. editing ,drawing tools and formarting tools
Add the ability to view two ore more slides at the same time.
Want ability to "Delete all comments". After collaborating on a PPT, I want a quick way to clean it up in PPT Online so that I can distribute it w/o exposing all the sausage making.
Mouse Controls in Slide Show. Being  able to use the buttons in the mouse to move to the Next or Previous slide, the left one goes to the previous slide and the Right one to the next one or vise versa.
Present Slide Show Online should contain Teams. Presenting online should offer Microsoft Teams in presenting online menu.
add eyedropper tool. add eyedropper tool so that you can get a colour you want because the colours available now are very limited
Make slide show transitions faster
Morph working unexpectedly on slides with animations. If there are "entrance" type animations on a slide that has Morph applied to it, while transitioning to that slide, all objects appear first as part of the transition, even those that have animations set up, and when the transition ends, those objects suddenly disappear.It is a very unpleasant experience and interrupts the flow of the transition.This has been a problem since the introduction of Morph in PowerPoint Online. Please fix it.Also, it would be nice if PowerPoint Online supported the Slide/Section/Summary Zoom feature, at least in presentations that were made in the desktop client and already have slides leveraging Zoom, as in its current state, the Online version treats these types of slides as if they didn't have any transitions.If there are "entrance" type animations on a slide that has Morph applied to it, while transitioning to that slide, all objects appear first as part of the transition, even those that have animations set up, and when the transition ends, those objects suddenly disappear.It is a very unpleasant experience and interrupts the flow of the transition.This has been a problem since the introduction of Morph in PowerPoint Online. Please fix it.Also, it would be nice if PowerPoint Online supported the Slide/Section/Summary Zoom feature, at least in presentations that were made in the desktop client and already… more
To be able to order text alphabetically like in Excel. I would really like to order my bullet point list (the contents page) alphabetically to make it clearer and then be able to easily have the slides correspond to this list.
Background Removal for Images. The desktop and Mac versions of Powerpoint have the tool to remove the background of an image, but the Online version does not have this tool. Why not add it? It is very easy to use, and very useful.
When PPT sent over an email should be able edit in new window
General Comment Improvements for Robust Collaboration. There are several features missing from comments in powerpoint that negatively impact collaboration.  These are present in gSuite and have a significant impact on the working model.  Without these (and preferably universally applied across the office suite) you guys are going to continue lagging on the collaboration front.1) Ability to resolve comments once completed (right now you have to delete them and then lose the record of their completion)2) the option to attach comments to specific objects and text pieces.  Comment boxes shouldn't just float around on the slide after you add them.3) Ability to assign tasks to specific collaborators from within the comment window4) ability to see the text of a comment in the email notification and reply to that comment by simply replying to the email <-- this is critical to get that feel of a 'conversation' happening around the comment and related content5) continued email notifications of comments once you've been @mentioned into one item in the thread.  (currently you have to @mention someone into every single comment, which is annoying)6) universal 'add comment' keyboard shortcut (ctrl+alt+M works in Word, but not elsewhere)There are several features missing from comments in powerpoint that negatively impact collaboration.  These are present in gSuite and have a significant impact on the working model.  Without these (and preferably universally applied across the office suite) you guys are going to continue lagging on the collaboration front.1) Ability to resolve comments once completed (right now you have to delete them and then lose the record of their completion)2) the option to attach comments to specific objects and text pieces.  Comment boxes shouldn't just float around on the slide after you add them.3) Ability to assign tasks… more
Wireframe mode. Powerpoint should have Presentation Mode and Wireframe Modewhich will cater to the needs of a the users who needs to design presentations and the users who needs to create mockup designs [like sketch app users]
make it easier to close chat. For users with small screens please move the chat icon so they can close it and work better. AlsoYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEt
When pictures aren't available don't show them as an option
Make the app look more modern. more modern looking...
We can move things in slide show. Then, We can move and add shapes, online pics, text boxes, and more!
The asterisk should AutoFormat to a bulleted list once two lines starting with asterisks are entered into a field. When entering content in the Notes field, the second line starting with an asterisk should detect that I'm creating an unordered (bullet point) list, and AutoFormat.  This behavior is the norm in other applications, and may be active in the PowerPoint slide itself (vs the notes gutter).
Make personal notes on slides that are not visible to other contributors (e.g. for feedback sessions, speaker notes, etc). Make personal notes on slides that are not visible to other contributors (e.g. for feedback sessions, speaker notes, etc)
Embed View Print Support. Print to pdf is not working while we embed in SPO.
let us have an option where we can tell how to design it and it does it. I have many ideas but I cant make it happen in just limited time. I wish to add a you create button to make your imagination come rue
Make documents available to edit offline
Allow GIF images to work with Design Ideas. When I am making a new slide and I want to add a gif it won't let me because it's only pictures and text. Please make powerpoint design ideas use gifs.
have a digital voice assistant
Real-time updates during slide show. It would be nice if a presentation that would be up 24/7 would get automatic updates every 1 minute or so. No manual refresh required.
Custom animations support. This is in Microsoft PowerPoint the one that is in desktop.
Support Morph for non-linear slide navigation. Morph Transition does not work out of strict slide sequence in online.I've created a set of notes with links to specific slides from a grid of images, Morph was a big part of the overall feel and works on desktop PowerPoint no matter what slide order you go forward/back in.In online it seems to only support Morph transitions if the slides are adjacent in sequence?
Allow to download files larger than 2048 MB. When opening a PPT file link shared in OneDrive, OneDrive will try to open it with PowerPoint Online. If the shared file is larger than 2048 MB, PPO will show an error message declaring that it cannot be opened in PPO. However, the error message cannot be closed and therefore the File menu for downloading the document to computer is not accessible.This happens even if the downloading is allowed during sharing.A workaround is to include a "download=1" parameter in the URL manually but this is far from convenient since the first link sent automatically during sharing is not working.I would expect either the error message could be closed and File menu accessed for "Download as", or a download link directly in the error message box to be displayed.When opening a PPT file link shared in OneDrive, OneDrive will try to open it with PowerPoint Online. If the shared file is larger than 2048 MB, PPO will show an error message declaring that it cannot be opened in PPO. However, the error message cannot be closed and therefore the File menu for downloading the document to computer is not accessible.This happens even if the downloading is allowed during sharing.A workaround is to include a "download=1" parameter in the URL manually but this is far from convenient since the first link sent automatically during sharing is not… more
Favorite fonts. Have the option for the user to chose favourite fonts and place them on top of the font list. Also importing fonts from your own computer will be an AWSOME feature to have!!!
If the file can't be opened in PowerPoint Online, give me an option to download the file.. If the file can't be opened in PowerPoint Online, give me an option to download the file.
allow pictures to paste faster. idk
Allow paste text with formatting. I suggest to allow for pasting with original formatting. This is helpful if one wants to present source code.
Slides move when using arrow buttons on iPad keyboard. When viewing a Power Point on an iPad, you should be able to use the arrow keys on a iPad keyboard to move between slides.
Dictation support. Make powerpoint smarter and make it better than Pages And KeynoteComm'n Highly recommended
Different color between word and underline.. I would like to underline a heading or word for example, but make the word and the underline a different colour.
Insert watermark. It would be nice to have the option in the future to easily insert a watermark on powerpoint slide (s).
Support undo for the lifetime of the document. If someone logs out by accident or they liked their old idea better after they have logged out this will help to recover their old work
provide quick click to print from PPT preview mode. When using a ppt in preview mode (opened from Outlook), currently we can print to PDF but not to a printer.
Be able to download from apple devices
Live Q&A for presentations. So,  we should be able to insert a link so while presenting the people you are presenting to can see it. So, when the slide is over they can go to that link to ask questions and you can answer them. Like Google slide.
Make it easier to insert an image from a Teams library. Allow user to easily insert image from a SharePoint or Teams library, like it is (easy) from OneDrive...
Live Dates and Times. I would like the ability to insert live dates and times into my presentation. I can only do it in regular office, and not at all in Google Slides.
show outlook notifications
layers system. hello,we should have a layers system similar to that in Adobe products, so I can copy the layer and paste it easily or even more than that (colors, fill, opacity)
Using a picture as Text Fill doesn't work well for flowery fonts. Not sure what has happened/changed but you used to be able to insert a picture to as text fill instead of a colour and it would cover the whole word but now it you use flowery/script/calligraphy style font it tends to cut off the top or bottom (or both) of the word and leave it blank - could you please change it back?
Find + Replace feature in Office 365 Powerpoint. I can only see the 'Find' button, there isn't one for 'Replace' in Powerpoint
Request edit access from read-only view. Too often, files are shared over OneDrive with Read Only access, generally this is because they forgot to check the 'Edit Access' box when sharing - it would be great to have a button that simply requests Edit access so the sharer can quickly approve without having to email or call the original document sharer.
Automatically check for copyright infringement of images on the slide. Copyright is hard and making sure nothing is missed is harder. It'd would be really interesting to have a feature that checks all the images on the slides for the copyright status. It could work like the spellcheck highlighting one colour the ones that are problematic and with another colour the ones that we don't have enough data to determine. It could leverage bing image search to find the source of the image, pull the related license and then report back.
Add the show/hide command in PPT so can be turned on like in Word.. Add the show/hide command in PPT so it can be turned on/off like in Word. Would help "see" unneeded formatting.
OLE object support. In the PowerPoint Options window,we go to the Quick Access Toolbar and double-click Developer Tab in the drop-down list on the left under "Choose commands from": and then double-click More Controls in the options given for Developer Tab as shown below and click OKClick the More Controls icon and select Shockwave Flash Object from the list and click OK. Use the mouse to draw the control on a slide. You can resize the control to adjust the size of the Flash animation
To have an assign slides option when working in a team. Assign slides by tagging members or with a label
2 Possible Hyperlink Destinations (Interactive PowerPoint). Tell the Hyperlink to go to slide "X" if slide "n" has already been viewed,Or slide "Y" if slide "n" has not yet been viewedThis would allow users to create interactive experiences with PowerPoint
Have a deemphasize animation available for paragraphs in an object.. It would seem that an object can only have only one animation associated with it.  Libra Office's Impress allows having a separate enter and exit animation on a per paragraph basis, for the same object.Example:TextBox contents:point 1point 2point 3I would like it such that point 1 would first appear, then before showing point 2, I would like it to deemphasize point 1 by some means, like colour, size, weight, transparency, whatever.  The same would go for when showing point 3.I have tried this with Impress using colour with success, and I would like this to become available to PowerPoint (online and desktop).It would seem that an object can only have only one animation associated with it.  Libra Office's Impress allows having a separate enter and exit animation on a per paragraph basis, for the same object.Example:TextBox contents:point 1point 2point 3I would like it such that point 1 would first appear, then before showing point 2, I would like it to deemphasize point 1 by some means, like colour, size, weight, transparency, whatever.  The same would go for when showing point 3.I have tried this with Impress using colour with success, and I would like… more
Add the common acronym of HSA for "Health Savings Account" to the Windows dictionary. HSA autocorrects to HAS in all Microsoft Programs.. Add the common acronym of HSA for "Health Savings Account" to the Windows dictionary. HSA autocorrects to HAS in all Microsoft Programs.
Print just notes. When downloading power points off school web site. I do not have the options to print just outline or notes like I can in PPT
Text style support. When I pick red as the color I want to emphasize my text, it should stay there as the emphasis. I do not want to have to pick the same color every time.
Create new from POTX
Add query string parameter for UI culture for Office Web Viewer. The UI defaults to the user's browser language setting. In our case, our documents are always French and we want the UI to display in fr-CA culture regardless of the user's preferences.https://view.officeapps.live.com/op/view.aspx?src=
Improve error messages
Add zoom slider in PowerPoint Online
Mouse select improvement. I have noticed that when I use the mouse to select something the select window does not disappear unless both the height and the witdh of the window have valid values, as seen in the screenshot below:https://i.imgur.com/DpoeTK5.pngThis got me wondering about your algorithm, is the select function called only after checking the height and width? Of course, this is just a curiosity of mine and you have no obligation to answer it.
it would be easier if i can zoom in or out by using ctrl + touch pad pinching. it would be easier if i can zoom in or out by using ctrl + touch pad pinching
If you have a picture that you have pasted, can you have animation suggestions for the pasted photo
Let LaTex be added. It would be easier to write equations and formula for Math-related and Physics-related presentations
ToDo: Make a sticky note.. Have you ever wanted to note down something that you will do on the Power Point later, and you know that you'll forget what you need to do when you come back to do it? Well if so then vote me so that wont happen, and if there's anybody else who has already posted this idea then vote for them too.
Add a "Find" function to read-only mode. Add a "Find" function to PowerPoint Online to allow the user to search for specific text in a PowerPoint when in "View Mode" when the user can not modify the PowerPoint.
Copying and pasting cells within tables can be improved. When using a table within a slide, when selecting several cells, copying them and pasting on another cells, all the original cells get pasted as text in a single cell. It should be pasted on every cell as before.
More theme variant colors. I tend to look for certain colours in designs when I select it, but find 4 most of the time, or don't even find any selection. It would be very nice if we could have more variety in that kind of "category".
Add support graphML. Add support graphML to do advanced graph with PowerPoint
See file permissions directly from the app. Its a good idea.
3D in Powerpoint. Hello. I want to have 3D in PowerPoint added so that I can make cards.
Blur Background in PowerPoint. Since its possible now in Microsoft Teams to create a blur background in video conferencing. how about integrating it in PowerPoint?
Make share faster. When i use the share feature for school projects. We have multiple people editing it which makes it very slow. It would be amazing if you could stabilize it so it is not slow
Set Default Zoom for better templates. When setting up a template which has instructions around the slide - as you can't set the default zoom it opens up and then users wouldnt be able to see the hints / tips guidance text you have wrote. i have to manually set it to 100% - it's opening at 113%
add a focus feature, like there is in word.
Edge Snapping for objects. When adding images, object, or text to a slide, have these items snap to the edge of the slide when either moving or resizing. Some things cannot be used properly for backgrounds but may still need to take up a whole page.
need inbuilt citation manager for office online. Need a native citation manager in office that works in word online.
Automatically convert embedded font if can't be installed. Automatically convert embedded font to alternatives if can't be installed, or Automatically convert slide to images.So my slides still can be emdedded even no perfect
Full Screen Edit Mode. You should add a full screen option to PPT online to make it easier to use. By that I mean make the program itself go to the borders of the screen. It is really condensed at the moment and could use a bit of de-condensing
can at least include options to download only specific slides. can include options to download only specific slides
Measurement indicators when drawing objects. When you resize an object, it should show the size in inches ow the width and height. There is no way to accurately draw an object without measurement tools
Add kiosk mode or allow Power Point show files to disable click/hit arrow key to next page. Or simply add an option to disable it.. I'm trying to make a presentation that requires the user to click on a button that jumps them to different slides. For example, they may go from slide 3 to 6 or 3 to 9 depending on the button they select.Without disabling click and arrows to next slide this makes things difficult to offer my PowerPoint through online platforms.Thank you.
Notifications. I would like to have the option of automatically notifying or at least selecting the option to notify users the document or presentation has been updated
More Animations. I am using PowerPoint as a tool to have my students generate custom animations of biological processes. By adding the functionality of custom motion paths, looping and multiple animations per object (vis a vis the animation pane) the online version could better match the desktop version and projects like this could be completed on a wider array of devices, like chromebooks.
I think it could be very useful if you give more background choices. i think it would be better if you post more backgrounds cause more student will enjoy it more in their presentation homework.Like me
Allow named versions in the Version History. Like google docs allows
Enable consistent opening of newly created zero byte length .DOCX, .XLSX and .PPTX files by their respective Office Online apps.
Support more fonts
Import Google Slide presentation into PowerPoint. aloud to transfer our stuff like google slides to powerpoint.........??????
Add a format painter for tables.. Add format painter for tables. This should include changing colours, text font and size, text spacing and border thickness.
Auto play Videos
translation in powerpoint. You should be able to translate a powerpoint document.
Custom Template. Is there a way to load a custom template into PowerPoint online? I tried launching a .potx file directly from my onedrive, but it won't let me it edit the file online. The only option is to edit the file in the locally installed version of PowerPoint. It would be nice if PowerPoint online recognized that that a .potx file was launched and automatically created a .pptx file in the main folder of my onedrive. Or, better yet, create a way for admins to upload a .potx file so that it shows up along with the MS default templates when a user creates a new file.Is there a way to load a custom template into PowerPoint online? I tried launching a .potx file directly from my onedrive, but it won't let me it edit the file online. The only option is to edit the file in the locally installed version of PowerPoint. It would be nice if PowerPoint online recognized that that a .potx file was launched and automatically created a .pptx file in the main folder of my onedrive. Or, better yet, create a way for admins to upload a .potx file so that it shows up along with the MS default templates when… more
Animations Pane. The Animations Pane is missing making the flexibility and versatility of animations almost lost. Like what if I want to slow the duration of an animation down, or put a delay on it, or change whether it happens after I click, or after the previous animation. These things should have been considered when PowerPoint Online was planned, but the idea of a user controlled development team is an amazingly brilliant idea, so good job Microsoft (But most of all the amazing employees that work there).
Slide Master. In Microsoft PowerPoint, you have Slide Masters so you do not have to do the same thing on every slide but in PowerPoint online, you have to do the same thing on every slide and it just wastes time when you do that so there should be Slide Master on Online PowerPoint and not just on PowerPoint.
Change the font, color and size of Notes
More keyboard shortcuts
Drag and drop images between presentations
Autofit Font Size to fit textbox
Dark Mode for Office Online. On the desktop office 365, there is a dark mode. This is absent from the online version which I need for the real-time collaboration.
Copy text from picture (like OneNote). This has already been developed for OneNote, it is called "Copy Text from Picture". You can paste a picture with text in any OneNote page, right click on it, and there is the option to Copy the text. Then it is available in the clipboard. It is the fastest simplest most efficient OCR I've ever used. It should be made available in PowerPoint, actually, any MS Office product out of the box
Support more image formats. We should be allowed to use all files it shouldn't matter if its .jpg or .jpeg ect
Allow to "follow" a document from within the document. Allow to "follow" a document from within the document without having to navigate a lot to get to the site library. Especially as with the new Sharepoint UI you often arrive at a result list without ellipsis and can't follow there either. Most of the time you have to look into the document to see its contents to decide on the "following"
Bring back scroll bar arrows at bottom right side of screen like Office 2011 for Mac. It's very difficult to navigate large documents without scroll bars - especially for long timer Mac office users who have become accustomed to this built in too..
Improve visual quality (ie, no blurry images or text). to make the page look detailed as the others
Table animation. Animation for each row of table should be possible
Improve low-res images with advanced scaling approaches like waifu2x. There are new scaling approaches like waifu2x that can do an unbelievably good job scale an image by 2-4x typically with little to no artifacts. I do it all the time using command-line or online tools for presentations. It'd be great if it was integrated in. It really improves the appearance of those low-res images/clipart your co-workers like to use.
Support continuous slideshow loop. I would like to use loop function in powerpoint online
Please support WEBM Movie Format with Transparent Background. HTML5 canvas now supports WEBM movie format, which provides transparent background manageable through CSS.Adding full support for the WBEM file format to PowerPoint would not only allow the file content to remain standard, but would provide a method for adding many disconnected layers of composite animation to a slide, thereby producing slides with astonishing content. The only current way, in PowerPoint 2016, to accomplish this is to use Animated GIF, which are limited to 256 colors, and handled as images, so therefore do not have transport controls.Thanks in advance!
Search Enhancement (highlighting). for powerpoints that allow you to search more than just one slide like "find" does, allowing you to easily find key terms for notes. make it so that it highlights what your looking for and so that it'll bring you to were it uses the term.
Insert your own videos (from disk). there should be an area in insert where you can put your own videos in the slide, like the pictures.
Print selected slides
Allow multiple images to be inserted at once
Have an Option to remove controls from embed view. Please provide an option in the PowerPoint Document to disable online viewer controls.  We use PowerPoint to create online presentations that we'd like to share publicly, but we do not wish to give our viewers the functionality, or visual clutter, provided by the viewers controls.  We'd also prefer to not offer download options in general.
Wrap text around images. This is a very basic feature that is needed.  Really surprised it is not included. Work arounds provided are not good options
Embed videos from any online source. enough already.  I'm not going to use OneDrive for everything.  Stop screwing around and allow us to embed videos from someplace other than onedrive or youtube.
Add More Built-in Templates. You did an awesome job Microsoft in creating this PowerPoint but maybe next don't keep plain as your template put a little design in it.
Support Custom Themes. It would be great to have easy access to my favorite use-made themes.
Embed Specific Slides of a Powerpoint. Hi, I'm using One Drive to store my powerpoints which I then embed into my website. I'd like to be able to embed only specific slides of my powerpoint instead of the entire thing. Currently, the only way to do that is to make a bunch of separate powerpoints with 1 or 2 slides that I want to embed each, which makes everything cluttered.
Add Publisher as Online App. I think that Office 365 needs to get Publisher! I use it quite often and school and when I come home to work on a project I've used Publisher on, I can never complete it! There may be a reason for not including it, but I personally think you should have it.
Allow uncompressed pictures to be inserted. Attached pictures to PowerPoint are compressed and low quality. Allow users to attach uncompressed pictures.
Encode Embed URLs. URLs generated for embedding slideshows should be URL encoded.All of the links I've seen contian "{" and "}" characters, which aren't safe URL characters according to RFC 3986.
Enabling printing of comments. Printing just gives me the presentation in a pdf. I want and need to get comments and other stuff out. Please
For locked files show who's editing. Show who's editing online and blocks any access. So far you only get a popup saying that "someone" is editing.
More Autocorrection. AUTOCORRECT WOULD HELP FOR FAST TYPERS LIKE ME WHO ALWAYS MAKE MISTAKES AND HAVE TO GO BACK THROUGH LONG PARAGRAPHS AND CORRECTS, TAKING ME AT LEAST 5-7 MIN JUST TO CORRECT
Font color transparency. Imagine a PowerPoint, where we could change the level of FONT transparency! :) It is a necessity. In deed. We should all already be working with this PPT-Feature. It is missing a lot. Really: I do l.o.v.e. PowerPoint but this feature is missing like crazy.
Prompt to check out instead of error 'you have to check out' when editing in sharepoint online.. If I edit a certain presentation in Powerpoint online, I get a message saying I have to check the presentation out. and a link to User Voice etc.So can't there be a way to check the file out then and thereA?
Add correction shapes and markup for teachers. Edmodo used to use a programme called croc??? maybe docs??? They went to the online suite but you cannot do the same things, nor can you on Google classroom. You used to be able to comment easily, strike out, highlight and write comments on the work and easily add ticks, crosses or any shapes you could draw. Basically it was just like hand marking on line, could this be checked out and maybe made available for teachers/
Presenter view in PowerPoint Online.. It would be nice to also have a Presenter view while using PowerPoint Online. It is the only way for us to easily view notes while presenting.
How can i edit my work from Outlook rather than downloading it. can you please make outlook 365 an area where i can edit my current work and save it
Support document pinning. Make option to add to Favorite when you have a document open in the Office apps/browser.  Right now you can only do that through Delve.
Add more symbols. There are not enough symbols
Ability to import slides. being able to import slides would be a wonderful addition. That way I would not have to copy and paste my classmates slides into my powerpoint and I would not have to switch to my old laptop. Its such a hassle.
Activity pane. You can check for versions pretty easily. If it can't open online, don't give the option.
Zoom and magnification support in slide show. In reading mode, add an option to zoom in to a slide. I am recieving a powerpoint, but can't see it close enough, even in full screen.
Record audio / timings online.. I would love to use PowerPoint instead of BrainShark and this could be achieved by allowing audio recording / timings online and for each individual slide at a time.  Also in embedded playback to automatically play audio.
Save chart templates into a PPT template and/or theme.. Have templates contain chart templates so that when you insert a new chart, one of the templates is applied, with additional options. For example, if I insert a pie chart, the top chart template for pies is automatically applied, and/or maybe I'm given the option to choose which pie template (if multiple) I want to apply.Main goal: Make it easier for corporations to force employees to use charts with the desired formatting.
When viewing any office doc through a web browser, provide the ability to view the document properties (author, create date, etc.). From Online Web View of any office document, the User should be able to view the document's properties (created date, author(s), versions, last modified date, file location, etc.)
Enable rich-text formatting for comments.. I would like to be able to use bolding, italics, subscripting, and superscripting in PowerPoint comments to help certain text stand out and to make suggestions more specific.
Save as Animated GIF. Add option to export powerpoint as animated gif
Ability to specifying download folder. This would save a lot of searching around and disk space if we could straight away put a document in the folder we wanted rather than having a copy in downloads and then a save as copy in another folder.  Also minimizes downloading twice.
Optionally disable languages, so one doesn't have to keep resetting a default. One should be able to live inside the eco system of a particular language, rather than having to change it every time you receive a communication from another.  A company should be able to globally set its language preference.
Support Equations
Automatically update the date in the footer when changes are made to slides. Where I work we use PowerPoint Online to keep organizational charts of employees.  As people come and go, or change teams, we need to update these charts.  It would be handy to have PPO automatically update the date in the footer when changes are made.
Edit on Mobile Devices. I am writing to request that PowerPoint Online be made to fit a screen on a mobile device from the web browser on said device. I like using PowerPoint Online, however I own an iPhone and I since I like to have first party apps I have Apple's Keynote app installed but not PowerPoint. I only request this because from my iPhone, I cannot access PowerPoint Online to edit an existing document I may have stored on my OneDrive. My thinking is, what if I needed to update, by editing, a document someone sends me with a PowerPoint file format but I can only access it through my friends' or family members' phone by signing into Outlook.com and they do not have the official PowerPoint app? I propose that with PowerPoint Online it scales to the device screen size and gives the user all of the formatting tools, that are available through PowerPoint Online, but have it set to where switching the tabs on the ribbon would be like switching tabs on the ribbon in the PowerPoint app only it is all done through the phone's browser. Please add this as it would be very helpful, thank you.I am writing to request that PowerPoint Online be made to fit a screen on a mobile device from the web browser on said device. I like using PowerPoint Online, however I own an iPhone and I since I like to have first party apps I have Apple's Keynote app installed but not PowerPoint. I only request this because from my iPhone, I cannot access PowerPoint Online to edit an existing document I may have stored on my OneDrive. My thinking is, what if I needed to update, by editing, a document someone sends me with a PowerPoint file format… more
Enable the use of connectors. Currently in Powerpoint online, we cannot use "Connectors" : add an arrow to a slide and connect 2 boxes. This feature is necessary for simple diagrams.
Support Resume Reading feature with PowerPoint Online. Would like to see the "where you left off" flag in 365. Very helpful for large Power Point projects.
Better Copy and Paste. it took some time to learn how to copy certain things on the website and sometimes i really have to think in witch one i am going to use just want to be able to go to the task bar and click copy/paste like every other website
3D - Add a 3rd dimension for shapes.. Add a 3rd dimension for shapes.  Such as, creating interlocking rings instead of placing one on top of another.
Create Sway from Existing online powerpoint. when open online version of powerpoint it would be great to add the ppt to sway. To be able to create a sway from current online ppt
Pin a presentation to a Delve Board. I'd like to be able to pin to a Delve Board from within PowerPoint
PPT Online Performance Improvements. Increase bandwidth/speed (renamed from "get faster servers")
Paste pictures from Applie products (Safari). i have a school project to do and i can't place pictures in my powerpoint :/
When aligning multiple objects, allow to user to select which object to align to. (e.g. align all objects to the first selected object). For example, if I have 3 objects that I want to align to. Right now the align tools, does not allow the user to specify which object to align to. In Keynote, I think you can do this by select the object you want to align to first, and all others will be aligning to this one.
Storyboard support from Visual Studio. Now a days one can create nice story board with Visual Studio (2013 or later) or the Team Foundation Server Standalone Office Integration 2015 (free),.this will allow to create nice story board.Many people are using MAC machines and they highly dependednt on online office word, power point etc.If this function can be added to Power Point online it wil be very useful
Allow macros. You should make it where we can use macros like in normal PowerPoint
Add WordArt. WordArt has been a staple in Microsoft Office and appears in every iteration of Office at least since 2000, but oddly doesn't appear in Office Online. Why? Please put it back!
Bookmarks for PowerPoint. I would like a virtual online bookmark feature when viewing long PowerPoints on OneDrive.
Insert Pictures from more online sources
Presentation Analytics. PowerPoint Online Tracking and Analytics CapabilitiesI would love to share a PowerPoint Document with a client and be able to answer a few questions right off the bat like, did they open it? How long did they stay on a specific slide? Did they download it, print it or share it forward? We can do this starting with PowerPoint Online and ultimately with the entire Suite as a whole.We can use this information to improve how we present to them in the future.
Support custom fonts. Provide the ability to use different type (fonts). Our corporate deck does not use standard typefaces. There should be a way to use different typefaces in the online tools.
Support More Slide Themes. Add more themes to be able to make your PowerPoint look better. Even my PowerPoint in Microsoft Office 2010 has more themes than PowerPoint Online. That's pretty bad.
Add a timeline template so you can make a single strand timeline. add the ability to use a timeline so you can list dates in order for younger children to understand.
Right-click to SAVE specific graphic image as .PNG or .JPG or .SVG. This is an extremely useful feature when using PowerPoint to mash-up and label images for use in another application (e.g. making online learning objects within a LMS).
Add more SmartArts. One day I wanted to make my own family tree using SmartArt, but I couldn't add anymore boxes with lines to show who was related to who. I would also like if you could add a title (that you can delete) along with the text, so I could say the person's name and in the text, I could put their information in it  (birth, education, relation to me, etc.).
Comment only permissions. Now we have two types of links first for "view only" and second for "edit".It is useful to create "comment only" link, like in google drive.So someone with this link can view file, can't edit, but can comment file throw default review and comments options.
Support Ruler and Guidelines. It is helpful to have guidelines and ruler as like the desktop to ensure text/images/shapes are centered correctly
Add and expiry date so presentations can't be used after that date. It would be great to be able to set a date that presentation cannot be view after - effectively a time bomb
Hand-drawing animation. Animate object to show outline of an object being drawn. Similar concept to whiteboarding (refer to VideoScribe)
Add more communication to WOPI Power Point postMessage protocol. Currently, PowerPoint Online embedded through WOPI offers really small amount of communication between iframe and main sirte where iframe is embedded. It would be really good that js postMessage from WOPI PowerPoint iframe sends messages like 'UICurrentSlide', 'UIFullScreen', and receives messages lie 'GoNextSlide', 'GoPreviousSlide', 'StartPresentation', 'GoFullScreen' and similar. I think this would greatly improve embedding PowerPoint Online into other sites.
Import/Export Keynote presentations. Allow importing/exporting of Keynote presentations into PowerPoint. Keynote has done this for years. It would be nice if it was reciprocal.
Add "Delete" to the right-click menu.. Because cut, paste and copy are already in the menu, but delete isn't. I just think it would be a good idea.
Take notes in slideshow or reading view. I believe you should be able to take notes on the side while watching the power point without taking it out of slideshow
Add emojis. emojis make everything look better so add emojis. ADD EMOJIS!!!
Enable Drawing of Text Boxes. Please enable users to draw a textbox by clicking and dragging.
Enable support for "Last slide viewed" target for hyperlinks. Add support for a shape to be clicked and send you back to the last slide you were looking at.
Import Word into Powerpoint. You've created Sway which takes too long.  Powerpoint can do the same thing if you would allow the word doc to be copied into poperpoint and let the user create the slides from the document.
Copy text from viewer (aka, preview mode). I have shared a presentation with some co workers. When they view the presentation they need the ability to select and copy text from a slide. However, when they click the slide to make a selection it changes to the next slide.
Notes master. I have to adjust my settings/features every time I move from one slide to the next. For example when taking notes, every time i go to the next slide I have to choose the bullet point format before writing.
svg pictures are changed after powerpoint file is reopened. If the svg file includes multilines with long numbers (such as coordinates with 7 numbers with three digits), the multilines are somehow moved after the Powerpoint is relaunced (you must close all opened powerpoint files). Short multilines with only one vertex are drawn correctly though..
Allow rotation of notes printout orientation for portrait orientation.. When you print a notes page from PPO, you can only get slides on top, notes below, in landscape orientation. I would like portrait notes pages, with the slides on the left, notes on the right, like you can do with the desktop application.
Make the Textbox boarder thicker for easier Shape Selection. We can have a thicker line one the text boxes that goes away during the slide show and so it will be easier to click a text box.
Have "clip to Onenote" work within Powerpoint online to insert attachment / printout to Onenote.. At the moment you can only clip a screenshot of the page, or download the file and then put it into Onenote in the desktop client, and then delete the original downloaded file
Notes Indicator to Easily Find Slides with Notes. Currently you need to expand the Notes pane to see if a slide has notes (yes you the notes pane remains open if you want but that comes at a cost of screen real-estate).If we would simply highlight the Notes link/button at the bottom when a slide actually has content in the notes we can only expand the notes pane where needed///
Fun fact and information about whats going on and how the future 9f thus. History or just fun knowledge
you should do something where you could share it to someone and you could also talk to eachother on the slide with an option
you should do something where you could share it to someone and you could also talk to eachother on the slide with an option
