Powerpoint on Android Hi, im using the ink feature on powerpoint for android ,but the ink menu covers up the top of the slide, is there anyway to minimize it or reduce it while using ink?
Generate Multiple Sides from Excel? Mail Merge? I'm creating a presentation honoring over a hundred students. Is there a feature or an add on for PowerPoint on Mac that would autogenerate a slide for each name and format it automatically similar to what's possible for Mail Merge in Word with an Excel file? It would save me a lot of time
Rehearse with Coach feature in PowerPoint 
According to the internet, I'm about to be the first person in the world to code a computer in PowerPoint ~~Since March, I've been working on a small project called Sparrow OS, a working computer made entirely inside of PowerPoint. This is something I can quite easily adapt to, as I have made a feature film and some intros inside of PowerPoint. I will release the project, renamed, after closed beta. The project is currently in development, and I will update here (or somewhere else).~~  **PPTXComputer is now shut down, thank you for your support! The actual project cannot be released, so feel free to redistribute the concept. The GitHub is still up, but will shut down in a week. READ IT!**  **The concept is licensed under the** **.**  Thank you!
Can action buttons be grayed out or removed once used once? Making a jeopardy game with a powerpoint.  Everything works good, but when navigating back to the homepage (grid of buttons) it would be nice to have the buttons/questions that have been clicked to be grayed out, disappear, or even an 'X' shape appear over the button.  Is this achievable with action buttons and or action macros?  
Overlapping PowerPoint Text Typography: The art and technique of arranging type to make written language legible, readable, and appealing when displayed.  PowerPoint is a flexible design app. Sometimes it is not easy to accomplish design ideas as in other apps. As example, text kerning. PowerPoint does not use the design industry term “kerning” and the feature is not easily accessed.  For example, here is some simple, all caps, text on a slide.  To add some visual design, letter colors are updated to the TLC color scheme (RGB).  In preparation for the next effect, the opacity is lowered to  Now the actual kerning, what PowerPoint labels CHARACTER SPACING. Select the text, open the FONT dialog, view the CHARACTER SPACING tab. Change the spacing option to CONDENSED, which essentially is negative spacing (so the 20 pt used is really -20 pt).  The result is the text slightly overlaps and the transparency overlap creates a dynamic visual.  Done. Custom typography styling created all within PowerPoint and remains editable text.  Download the editable slide 
How to design Power Point without Design Idea ? I've searched for the tutorial on YouTube, but most of them explain it, using Design Ideas feature which I don't have because maybe it's not Office 365.  Any other ways to make power point design without that feature ?
Does anyone know why Microsoft doesn't have the Reveal Format option for PPT like they do for Word? This is 2019, it can be that hard to add a useful feature. 
Edit template/theme shape details I'd like to alter the shape styles to match our needs better. Is there a way to do this? I have been fixing/setting up the template and just can't find a feature to do this.
Halloween PowerPoint Template – FREE Enjoy this FREE full featured PowerPoint template that is Halloween themed! Thanks to Jake, TLC Creative staff designer for the fun holiday creativity. Download here 
Closed Captioning I am loving the closed captioning feature in Powerpoint.  I use an iMac Office 2013 and/or Office 365.  We have found it is a great feature from an AV perspective.  Great for presentations in noisey rooms (even when people are supposed to be quiet).  It does require an internet connection.    Link below on a quick demonstration I made for some friends in the AV world.  
PowerPoint’s Arrange All PowerPoint has an almost hidden feature, that has been there for quite awhile, and can be very useful when there are several presentations open – **Arrange All**.  When working with multiple presentations in PowerPoint, there are times where you will have to switch back in forth between them. PowerPoint can make this easier and instantly layout all the presentations across the monitors like this:  Go to the VIEW tab and the WINDOW section. There are a few options:    - Arrange All   - Cascade,   - Move Split   - Switch Windows  First, we will take a look at Switch Windows.  The SWITCH WINDOWS drop down menu shows a list of all currently open presentations. Select a presentation file name to bring that one to front.     CASCADE resizes and repositions all currently open presentations onto a single montior, slightly offset so you can see their separate windows.  ARRANGE ALL is one of our favorite features. This will evening divide all currently open presentations across the screen. This is particularly helpful when working on one presentation while referencing the other(s).  Here are 3 presentations instantly positioned on 1 screen.   When working on multiple presentations simultaneously, things can get a bit hectic. This particular feature in PowerPoint makes life a little easier by making it simple to cycle to each presentation or by quickly displaying all presentations on screen.     Jake @ TLC  The post 
Flashing something while playing music I have a game I've created using PowerPoint. One of the sections has songs that are 1 second, 2 second and 3 seconds long. Players have to guess the song and get more points for guessing it in less time. When I use the slide show feature, I can easily click back and forth to turn the 1 second on and off, same with 2 seconds, 3 and the full song.  My problem is it will be noisy and I'd like to make the speaker icon flash or something show up to indicate which selection is playing (to make it easier on me)  So if I'm playing the 1 second clip, something flashes or indicates that's what is playing. Same with 2 and 3 second clips.  I can usually google my own help but this is kind of unique and I'm having trouble with the correct wording for my question. Any suggestions you have would be appreciated.  Thank you,
Office Remote Alternative I recently discovered (the discontinued...) office remote.  I found an old version that works for android, but nothing for iphones... I've looked at all the options in the app store, but many of them have  a pay wall and don't seem to have the main features i need -- Slide show control and displaying speaker notes. Does anyone know of a good alternative? Ideally something that would work on an iphone...
The Power of Feedback – Morph and Microsoft MVPs 
PowerPoint “Sketched” Shapes Outline Sketched is one of the newest design features in PowerPoint O365 version (on Windows, Mac, but on Online version yet). It applies a hand drawn, or “sketched” styling to shapes. As example:  The 1st step is to create any shape or insert a ppt object (read below for details)  Select the object(s) and go to Shape Format &gt; Shapes Styles tab &gt; Shape Outline  In the Shape Outline drop down menu go to the new SKETCHED option that offers serveral preset “sketched” styles  Notes:      There are several ways to access the Shape Outline menu (at TLC Creative we have it on our QAT).      Also, the Sketched settings are available in the “Format Shape” pane     Applying a Sketched outline to the example objects does this:    - The PowerPoint shapes remain completed editable!   - Objects can be filled and with the ability to still apply a sketch outline.   - Inserted .SVG graphics     - The only way to apply this outline to an inserted .svg art is to ungroup the svg file within ppt. However, this will ultimately change the svg into an emf shape and might change the look of the svg, i.e. if the svg is inserted with a gradient style and the object is ungrouped the object might become distorted in color etc.     -   - Inserted PowerPoint icons     - The native icons are basically an internal library of .svg graphics. The sketched styling can be applied the same way it can be applied to .svg graphics described above     - Ungroup the icon &gt; click yes at the warning pop up, click yes &gt; apply sketched outline styling     -   - Outlines can vary in weight (thickness). Test different weights to find the one that best works with the graphic. As example, our sample PowerPoint icon looks very different with a a thin 1pt outline and a thick 20pt outline     -     - Sketched outlines can have all PowerPoint styling options applied; color, shadow, or  gradients     -    Troy @ TLC  The post 
Zoom feature within presentation? I’m making a presentation that will include a picture of space from the Hubble telescope. Would be really cool to add like a hand lens feature over the slide that the presenter could move around and zoom in on different aspects of the pic. This is for kids to view. Like if you were using the magnifier on your desktop.    Any way this is possible?
Outline slides that automatically emphasis relevant section and greys out others? Hopefully the title makes sense. Basically, I was wondering if there was a way to do what was asked in this Microsoft forum post:    &gt;I have always wondered why this feature does no exist (I just installed 2010 hoping it would be included but I still don't see it!). What I want is to make a slide at the beginning of the presentation with an outline of the talk:   &gt;   &gt;\-Topic A   &gt;   &gt;\-Topic B   &gt;   &gt;\-Topic C   &gt;   &gt;...   &gt;   &gt;Then periodically throughout the talk display the outline slide with the next topic bolded and the rest greyed out. This is basically done for you when using something like Latex's Beamer to create slides, so I am definitely not the first one to come up with the idea.
Display Current Weekdays? I'm trying to have the current week shown with the dates underneath the weekdays in a presentation. Wondering if there is any feature that can do this (so, say for this week, it would display 15 for Monday, 16 for Tuesday, so on). If not, is there a workaround for this (e.g. check what day it is and -1/+1 or have the user enter Monday and then it just does +1 for the other days). Have done some searching but can only find solutions for excel. Thanks
Vidéo problem in my presentation Hello everyone,     I'm having a board game night at home tonight and I plan on using PowerPoint in for different things.   One of them is showing a video that's in it, essential for the rest.     The thing is, when I made the powerpoint it was fine, I was dual-screening with a 1920x1080 screen and everythign was fine.   When I ran some tests on my (much) bigger TV, the video just froze and nothing happens visually until I press a button and the next feature appears (sound still works).     Can you guys help me ? I'm desperate
Powerpoint with embedded swf file does not play in exported mp4 video. I made a powerpoint slide and embedded a Flash "swf" file into the slide, when I preview the slide from within Powerpoint i can see the flash "swf" file playing, however when I export the file as mp4, the video doesn't play it just shows a random frame of the SWF as if only a bitmap got exported.   Is this a limitation of the export MP4 of feature in Powerpoint, I guess it will not unwrap the "SWF" file into a video.. But I want to confirm with the experts over here.   Also if there are any workaround's to this I would be happy to hear about it.  I'm talking about Powerpoint 2016.
best practices to paste excel charts to ppt? (powerpoint 2016) in past versions of powerpoint, i would paste excel charts using embed workbook and keep destination style, but my version of powerpoint 2016 seems to be missing that feature.  the only options available are linking to the original excel document or using the image format.  what do you use?
Working on an app to connect Zapier to PowerPoint We are working on a  that connects Zapier to PowerPoint. We'd love to connect with folks in this community to find beta testers, determine upcoming features and hear new ways you'd use it!  When Salesforce updates, update Slide 8.  When Expensify updates, update Slide 9.  The idea is that regular PowerPoint presentations can be automatically updated like the rest of our Zapier Zaps!
Amazing PowerPoint tutorial channel, "PowerPoint Skills", deleted all their videos. This channel had the best PowerPoint tutorials I've ever seen, I've looked elsewhere but the presentations from other YouTube channels just lack the amazing level of detail, polish and professionalism that the presentations this channel had. I bookmarked two of the videos, " where they briefly went onto their channel while it was still active. Not much help, but thought I might as well add this.
Where Did "Change Picture" Go? [Audio Icons] Per title, I can't find this damn feature lol. I'm using the latest version of PP 360 and not sure if a new update nuked it's previous location. It's neither in the right-click menu, or anywhere discernible in any of the ribbons. Am I having a stroke?  Update: I'm really not liking Microsoft at the moment lol. Apparently PP version 10.23 has a bug with this shit. . I needed to manually add functions back to the menu…
Is there a way to turn off the click-anywhere-to-go-to-next-slide element? let me elaborate: i want to make a presentation in which you have to click on specific hyperlinks that lead you to specific slides, and those slides have links that lead back and so forth... however there is still the feature that allows you to click anywhere on the slide and just takes you to the next slide - can i turn this off at all? thanks
Is there a way to revert 'Design Ideas' applied to a doc so that a slide is back to what it was before I made it fancy using the 'Design ideas' feature? 
How to automatically advance a slide even if there is an animation occuring? Hello, so basically I have a slide with a 20 seconds animation, but I only need the slide to appear for only 5 seconds. Is there a way to make the slide automatically advance while that animation is playing? I have already tried using the advance slide after feature, but that doesn't work. The animation in question is a line motion path and is 20 seconds long because the image needs to move very slowly.  Any help is welcome. Thanks.
Any add-ons to help manage multi-contributor presentations? We frequently have multiple groups contributing to presentations and struggle to coordinate the work.  This involves assigning slides to specific people and incorporating these slides in to the main file, which is tedious and difficult to keep track of.  Has anyone seen an add-in that allows you to somehow manage this more effectively?  We have tried using Microsoft's collaboration features that allow multiple people to work in a single presentation but often run in to bugs/issues, and it doesn't really allow for any central management of the contributions.
Exported PowerPoint to an .mp4 file. However it does not contain audio recorded on the PowerPoint So I have a group project due tomorrow.  First off i’m using powerpoint on my macbook.  We have voice over recordings on each slide, however, when I export the file as an .mp4, the video does not contain any of our recorded audio files. We recorded the audio via the record audio feature in powerpoint.   Another issue we are having is that one slide for whatever reason does not play any audio automatically when in the slideshow. I made sure that it has the same settings as the other slides such as start automatically and play across slides. For some reason it just won’t work on that one slide.   Thank you so much to anyone who can help aid me in these issues!
How do I insert a Likert Scale (1-5) into PPT that I made in Word? I made a likert scale in Word and I want to insert it into a PPT I’m working on. I’ve been having problems inserting the likert scale and have the “click” feature work.   The likert scale allows the user to click on/choose an answer (1-5) by clicking an “x” in one of the 1-5 answer options.   An example question on my likert scale: I agree this PPT is a great presentation, click an “x” on 1,2,3,4, or 5 to indicate how much you agree with this statement.   Does anyone know how to insert/make a Likert scale in PPT where the user can click on an option asking you to rate a question 1-5???
Using text boxes with the Design Ideas feature I'm trying to use the amazing Design Ideas feature to make my power point look amazing, however, when i create a text box sometimes it says that shapes aren't supported and therefore wont generate any designs.  I know its possible to use text with this because i managed to get it to work with some previous slides, but i cant get it to work now, anyone know what i might be doing wrong or how to arrange my text boxes correctly so that design ideas works?
Document Recovery stuck in a loop Every time I open a PPT to make changes. I ALWAYS save. Then close. However... as soon as I hit X, PPT reopens to Document Recovery with the same file I just had open. Short of disabling the feature, is there any other option to keep this from happening?
Morphing feature in desktop app powerpoint? anybody could help me how to get Morphing feature (new cool transition effect) running also in powerpoint desktop app? i have it available in O365 online but it is not socomfortable as the desktop app - and there even though I have newest app it is not available in the menu. thanks
PowerPoint Morph Effects It's amazing what the PowerPoint Morph feature can do. You just need some good imagination and creativity, as well as trial and error to fully understand how it works. The following is an example what the Morph feature can do.  .
Tips on creating trapezoid with curved sides? I'd like to make a trapezoid with curved sides on my powerpoint like so: https://i.imgur.com/BhlADNg.png  Any tips on how I would go about doing it? I was thinking of using the edit point feature but I don't know how I would make both curves symmetrical.
Looking for a feature to preview content by e.g. mouse hovering I'm using PowerPoint atm and I want to create a preview of text/slide/picture by mouse hovering over it. Is it possible with PowerPoint?  If not, is there any other user-friendly software that has such features for creating flashcards and learn with them?  Thanks
Lock a powerpoint presentation? I have a presentation I have to give to someone else.  I would like to make it impossible to edit/copy the presentation but can't figure out how.  I can't save it as a photo album or jpgs because I have a video in it.  Additionally, my version of powerpoint (2016) doesn't seem to have the "restrict access" feature that other versions contain.    Does anyone have any ideas?  Thank you.
PORTABLE POWER POINT PRESENTATIONS PREZI I have the latest Power Point Office Suite installed in my personal computer. Unfortunately, the one at work doesn't. I was wondering if PPT Office has the same feature as Prezi that allows users to show their presentation despite of not having the software installed in projecting computer. Thank you!
Embed a live excel sheet in a slide I am trying to figure out how I can embed an excel file in a slide for my presentation and then manipulate/ scroll through the data while in presentation mode. I know there is the feature where you can add a text box that you can type in while in presentation mode, I want the same thing just instead of it being a text box I want it to be an excel sheet.  Everything I have read online says it is possible by adding an ActiveX control, but there doesn't seem to be one in Powerpoint 2013 and I haven't had luck finding one to add.  Anyone know how I can accomplish this?
Can I recover and overwritten vers of a PPT deck? I accidentally overwrote a PPT deck I'd been working on with another similar deck.  Now I've lost 4 hours of work.  Is it possible for me to retrieve the prior version?  When I go to explorer and look at properties, it doesn't list any prior versions, but I did have the auto-save feature in PowerPoint set for every 10 minutes.  I'm on PowerPoint 2007, Windows 10.
Advance slides with barcode scanner Hi Reddit,  I'm doing a group activity mock-up of a tracking tool.  The actual tool is a web app that uses bar coded products and bar code scanners to move those products from one destination to another (as well as accomplishing a number of other functions).  The app isn't ready for use yet.   I would like to use powerpoint and screen shots of the app to make a mock up of the website to use in a related workflow group activity.  To do that effectively, I need to be able to use our bar code scanners and our bar codes to advance the slides in a powerpoint presentation.  Each slide is a screen shot of the application performing the next action to the appropriate product.  As it stands, the scanners input the number sequence on the barcode followed by a carriage return, which acts just like hitting ENTER on the keyboard.  All inputs are being received correctly, and Powerpoint is responding almost as expected.   The problem, as I found out, is that if you type a number before hitting ENTER, it will direct you to that slide number.  So if you open your presentation, type "5" and hit enter, you'll be directed to your fifth slide.  If you scan a bar code that reads 1348357485 and your scanner sends a carriage return, you will also be taken to your fifth slide.  From testing with a keyboard, it appears that if you type an alpha character after the number, like the letter "a," it will advance to the next slide.  I don't believe I can program the scanner to add a letter between the barcode and carriage return, but it's something I can look into.   Does anybody know a way to turn off this feature?  I would like a carriage return/ENTER keystroke to advance to the next slide regardless of any input before the CR/ENTER.  If not, does anybody have a clever workaround that would accomplish the same goal--a user scans our product barcode and is greeted with the appropriate image?
How do you make 3D WordArt go into 1-point perspective? I remember you used to be able to make word art pop out where it would look like it came from a single point in older versions, but I don't remember how you do it anymore. Is this feature removed or is it still a feature?  Edit: I don't mean as an animation. I mean it would be  3d wordart, but the width would come from a singular point outward, rather than each letter on its own
Rearranging slides I've recently noticed that clicking through slides on the side pane causes them to move. Ex. If I select slide 1 and then scroll and try to select slide 10, it will cause 1 to move to position 9 or 11...this is so annoying. Not sure if this is a new feature/glitch or a strange setting on my laptop. On Mac, ppt version 15.37.
Help: Mouseover Tooltips when hovering over text/images I want additional info to pop up next to the mouse cursor when I hover over certain text/image in a slide.  I've been Googling about it and so far, I've only found out about the Hyperlink -&gt; Bookmark -&gt; Screentip feature.  But with this method though, I am quite limited in the number of characters I can use and also, there's no text formatting (layout, indentation, new line space, etc.)  I only end up with a square wall of text.  Is there another way of achieving what I have in mind without having to create another slide for it that simulates a pop up text box?  I simply want a simple-looking tooltip that can contain somewhat extensive text descriptions in a easy-to-read layout and so far, Google doesn't seem to want to lead me to the right place so here I am instead.   Thanks in advance!
Making text+picture slides look neat easialy In a past presentation i made (on the newest powerpoint version) everytime i put a picture in my presentation, powerpoint would ask if it should make the slides look good with for example a box with text and a picture i inserted in the backround. It is the most amazing feature i have seen on PP but i cant find it!! It would just pop up before but it doesnt anymore! Need it before tomorrow, please help
embed mirrored android screen and website in powerpoint Hey,  I have a presentation of a finished website and I want to show the website without having to alt+tab into my browser. Is there anyway to show the website (clickable) in powerpoint?  I also want to show an app on Android, I already know how to mirror my android screen to windows but is there anyway to display that live footage in a Powerpoint presentation?  -edit: I dont mind using an other tool to present my work, as long as these features are available
Need Help GIF Animation in PP365 Good Morning,  first of I am close to my graduation and I am making a presentation in PP2016 (The licensed 365 Version) I am using zoom and all thoes nice neat features. Now I have a problem, I made an animation in Blender and transformed it into a gif nothing fancy just some gears getting stuck on eache other to symbolise a new worker that is not educated properly with the new software. The problem I am now facing is that the .gif is playing even while invisible but I want it to play only when I let it apear.  I tried so many things please help me
Saving a custom shape as an autoshape Hello --   Many times I need a rectangle with an oval in it to represent a specific type of corporation. And often times I need to be able to label it using a text box inside the shape.   From googling I have learned that I can save it as a picture, but if I do that it eliminates the text box feature.   Is there a way to save a shape that I have made and just have it as one of my autoshapes?
Change save default Is helping the church to project some slides during the mass. Few weeks ago the old projector died, and the new one arrived today. We used to project the slides as JPG. Yet today when I tried to project those JPG files, the new projector sorted the files in this order: Slide1, Slide10, Slide11,Slide100, Slide2, and so on ... Instead of in numeric order.  I want to know where I can set the default name for saving the slides as JPG or other formats. It would be fine for me to do the renaming by hand, but not other persons. Otherwise, we may end up project the slide using PC (thus using PP's slideshow feature.)  Any help will be appreciate. Thanks.
[Question] How can I modify "design ideas" designs after I insert them? I'd like to make changes to some "design ideas"-modified slides, namely change the color of some parts of the slides, but the background doesn't seem to be modifiable, and nothing beyond the default slide layouts shows up in master view. Is there any way to edit the features design ideas adds, or do I have to recreate it?  Thanks :)
Zoom Feature Hi all! I'm trying to create a presentation for class. I want it to follow along with a script I have to read. The main picture will feature a stick figure family and when I get to the point where it asks about the mom (or father or sister), I'd like it to zoom in on that person, zoom out after some time, and then zoom in on another person, and so on. If anyone has any tips that would be awesome! =
Reuse slides - sharepoint I need a little help here. At work we have a sharepoint (2007) and office 2010.  I recently discovered the slide library and reuse slide options utilising sharepoint to store the slides.  Which is great but if the hundreds of slides I'd like to store, it would be good to search these, which is also great because there is a search option.  However, what does the search option search for, whatever I type in this field I don't get any hits - I just get "there are no slides to display"  So what field does this search feature search? Is it a field on sharepoint, is it a document property?  It doesn't appear to be slide content or title.  Any help appreciated!
Help creating a visual timer? Hello r/Powerpoint!  My point-fu is a bit rusty, and I have been tasked with creating a presentation file for a business group. Basically, this presentation will be used on a weekly basis with 40+ members. Each week, a person gets a 45 second spot to talk, and there will be a couple other longer spots, anywhere from 5-10 minutes.  I'm not going to actively be there every meeting, so I'm trying to set up a file that can be easily tweaked based on the weekly needs. Every week there will be a couple absences, a couple visitors, so attendance is always fluctuating. What I want to create is a visual countdown timer, so that the person talking can see how much time they have left to speak. Ideally this slide would be set up in a way that it can simply be reset an indefinite number of times, so that it's easily used no matter how many people are in attendance any given week.  I found  video that is roughly what I would like to accomplish, but I'm thinking there has to be a more elegant solution out there. I've got a 365 sub, with the most up to date version of PP16.  How would you recommend going about creating this? Thanks in advance for any responses!
PPT Pen auto delete I have a computer with a touch screen and I'd like to annotate slides as we are lectured in class with my stylus and the pen feature of powerpoint.  Unfortunately, many of the diagrams have small features which results in some feature being activated that throws up a box momentarily and will then later cause the pen marks to be automatically deleted.  It seems like its interpreting detailed small drawings as the stylus not moving.  This is extremely frustrating during a fast paced lecture and I'd like to be able to turn the feature off.  Has anyone had this problem or know of a way to fix it?  Sorry if this is a stupid question, but I've scoured the internet and searched the subreddit and come up with nothing.    TL;DR- PPT pen automatically deletes itself when used to make small drawings, why?!
PPT 2016 for Mac: Automatically scrolls down to last slide while I'm still editing previous slide. What gives? I've already made sure that I'm not touching any other trackpad, scrolling device, and it moves to the end of the slide while I'm still editing. Is there a feature that I don't know by Powerpoint that does this?
powerpoint security? Advice? So I have found out that the native security features such as modify lock and read lock in PowerPoint are totally useless and easily compromised when using third party powerpoint tools.   I need a way to secure powerpoints as its an important aspect of our companies business model.   Any ideas/suggestions?   I know a video of the presentation won't work, nor a PDF, hosting presentations may be an option with user access provided but not great as sometimes no internet is available to us, Information Rights Management seems like something I need to look at further but not sure if this will or will not work.  Thoguhts?
I love making PowerPoints and I want to make something out of that. [Idea] So I'm not sure how this sub reacts with semi advertisement, amd I totally get others who may or may not give this post the look when I say I'm making a website for people who dont want to do PowerPoints and wants someone else to make them. Ok, Ready? Get your looks ready.  I'm making a website for people who don't want to make PowerPoints and prefer to pay a smaller fee than everything else out there.  (are you done giving me the look yet?)  I know I'm most likely not the first one to advertise on here about it and I already know that there are other websites out there who charge ALOT of a PowerPoint, even just for some basic slides. Well that's part of the reason why I want to make this website (That I've already made, its a free website right now but it has full features of payment options ect.)  Other than advertising I'm also seeking people who would like to work for doing some PowerPoints, as well as people who would like to advertise the site for me (yes for money) Feel free to shoot me a PM if your interested and sorry if I made you gag at my idea but its almost like my passion and people love my Powerpoints so why not?   Pm if interested  (sorry for errors / formatting typing all on a tablet)
Is there a way to turn off the insert functionality of a shape or make picture insert stop defaulting to that shape? I have to use a template for reports at work. The template includes a box at the top for the key statement of each slide. This box has the icons for quickly inserting media (table, image, video, etc). When I try and insert an image into the slide, it just goes inside the box. Is there a way to stop this? I was thinking either turn off the feature or some option to allow the image to be inserted anywhere.
Changing default animation speeds in PowerPoint 2013 Hi everyone. In PowerPoint 2013, the default duration for the fade animation feature is 0.50 seconds. It is easy to change the duration for an individual slide, but it is very time consuming when I have a lot of slides. Is there a way to change the default duration to 2.00 seconds?
PowerPoint issue I would love some help with (Mac) When I have two PowerPoints open at the same time and they are on different desktops (or they are both full screen and I have to use the four finger swipe to go between them) when ever I switch to one, either by using the four finger swipe left/right or up and selecting one, it will automatically swipe over to the other PowerPoint. This happens every time and is very easy to recreate if I am not explaining myself clearly. Is there any way to turn this feature off or is it simply a bug I must live with. I am in school and I usually have multiple PowerPoints up for studying. Thanks for the help!
Opinions on whether this animation can be made Hi all,  I'm just writing to get some advice as to whether I can make a animated version of the graphic in the link below:  http://imgur.com/MKOX3RO  in power point 2013 using Smart Graphics (or some other feature) or am I better off using another program (in that case any suggestions would be greatly appreciated).  Similiar to the graphic in the link I'll have a a pie graphic with each slice having some text and in the middle a prism. In addition I would like to animate the prism being projected from the initial graphic into a much larger version.   Thanks for your time
How to Link Narration in PowerPoint 2010 In PowerPoint 2007, you could save the narration in a separate file and it is not saved in PPT itself. I cannot find the feature in PowerPoint 2010. Is it gone?
Hello all. I got great feedback from you guys on my last video about Sharks. I made this recently, check it out if you are interested. Again, feedback is appreciated. If you also want to know how I did a particular animation, ask away. 
Smart object Inception question I am trying to set up a banner, mini banner, icon, power point background, and video thumbnail all using the same stock asset, but scaled different depending on the output mentioned above.  Right now, I have a file set up that when I change one smart object, it makes the change across the rest of the smart objects that are copied and then I can automatically export my banners as needed.  Taking that  step further I want to be able to point all of the aforementioned file types to one smart object that when I change, it populates the change across them all. The kicker is, I want it to retain the dimensions needed (for example, our powerpoint backgrounds are built at 1920x1080, but banners that we use range from 800x250 - 600x1100, and all kinds of wild sizes, so things are scaled differently or placed in the document differently).  In case the above isn't clear, imagine we have a 1000x1000 image as our main smart object. When I place it into the icon, i scale it to 262x146. The same linked smart object is in one of my 800x200 banners, but the smart object is clearly cropped out of the artboard a bit. I am ok with that and want it to stay that way. When testing this, when I made changes to the main smart object, it resized them in the other files that referenced the main linked smart object (when all I did for testing was change the hue).  If anyone can help me wrap my mind around this, or point me in the direction to help me with this, I would greatly appreciate it. The only thing I thought that might work would be to place a smart object inside of another smart object, but I didn't think that'd work. Thanks in advance for any help!
I need someone to complete my Powerpoint Modules tonight if possible. I am taking a really boring class on computers and while it is easy the actual assignments are entirely tedious and mundane. Essentially there are three modules each consisting of 44 questions training that have to be answered, an actual PowerPoint project, then an exam on different 44 questions.
Online Classes for IIT JEE: A Blessing in Disguise During Lockdown Getting into IIT is a vivid dream of many for which they put every extra effort along with their regular education. Many coaching institutes have come up in various parts of India over the past years, where students are given specialized classes for IIT JEE preparation. However, the year 2020 has been an exception so far. The coronavirus pandemic has led to the postponement of the JEE Main and JEE Advanced exams. The coaching institutes are also temporarily shut down. All this has not only made students more anxious about their future but has also made it difficult to prepare for JEE.  **• The Rise of Online Coaching for IIT JEE**  This is a crucial time for the whole country especially for the students as their future is at a big stake. However, like a blessing in disguise, online coaching for IIT JEE is proving out to be a promising alternative for the traditional classroom-based coaching. Leveraging the technological advancements of today where a person can connect with a group of others using video conferencing, the offline coaching institutes have commenced IIT online coaching. Teachers are working from their homes, preparing lessons for their students, recording lectures, and providing online video-based classes to the students.   The 
i LOVE bullet points - not a powerpoint kinda gal but, yes &lt;3 - like look at this - i love the spacing - very gorgeous - she is very beautiful to me!!!!!
Unable to connect : Reservation Time-out For the past week, I'm getting this error often before joining match.  Lobby animations of Legends freeze ( more like goes into powerpoint mode ) . Lobby remains stuck in "Connecting to match" for lot longer. Sometimes it connects and sometimes I get " Unable to connect : Reservation Time-out" error.
Using KeyDown in PPT VBA on macOS PowerPoint 2019 for Mac:  Only ActiveX objects support KeyDown.      Private Sub CommandButton1_KeyDown(ByVal KeyCode As MSForms.ReturnInteger, ByVal Shift As Integer) If (KeyCode = vbKeyRight) Then SubRoutineNameRun End Sub  macOS doesn't support ActiveX objects.  My objective is to use keyboard shortcuts to run sub-routines rather than clicking on a shape or ActiveX Element. I do not want any visible buttons on the slide.
How to convert Powerpoint slides(pptx) to HTML Pages I have to convert a deck of Powerpoint slides into a static website. I would like to know about any tools  and/or libraries available for doing this programmatically. I would prefer Javascript libraries but C#, Java or Python would work too.
[20F] Redstone is red, lapis is blue. I would trade my diamonds just to talk with you. Probably the stupidest title I've ever written but now you know I play minecraft.   I'm new to this and I'm having trouble maintaining some good friendships because I'm pretty shy. If you are that person who gohst me after one day please don't send me a message.   A little bit about myself, I study veterinary medicine and I have a bunch of animals! I like gohst hunting stuff and exploring abandoned places. My favorite tv shows are Brooklyn nine nine and Rick and Morty!   Don’t take my word for it, here are just a few of many (total real) reviews…  “She is a good friend.” 5/5 ☆☆☆☆☆- Best friend  “Stop pointing a gun at my head.. I’ll give you a good raiting  alright.“ 4/5 ☆☆☆☆ - a random guy  “How do ratings work again?” 5/5 ☆☆☆☆☆ - a boomer  “Just some trash.” 1/5 ☆ - Brother  Fun fact about me, I'm banned from tinder because I made a PowerPoint about myself ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  Oh btw if you want to see my PowerPoint, it's okay. Just send me a message
[POWERPOINT] PowerPoint 2019 macOS - Some controls on this presentation can't be activated. They might not be registered on this computer. I downloaded a .PPTM file and once I opened the file, I received the following message:  **Some controls on this presentation can't be activated. They might not be registered on this computer.**  It also said it was not able to transfer all the macros.  The .PPTM tile has ActiveX Element: Label. It has a few trigger animations and macros to manipulate the Label.  Please advise on how to proceed. I am using PowerPoint 2019 on macOS.
Easy annotations of PowerPoint slides and making the cursor more obvious I created a couple of free programs to make my online lectures easier and I thought that others here might find them useful. So I'm making them available for free. (Sorry, PC only!)  The first program makes it easier to annotate PowerPoint slides during online lectures. It creates a hovering toolbar that allows the user to more easily switch between pens of different colors, and to access many other functions. Here is link to a short video that highlights the main features and that also includes the download instructions:    Let me know if you have any comments or questions!
Audio playback happening outside of the slide show? Hey guys, so something weird is happening with my presentation that I've never had happen before.  So my presentation needs narration. Last night, I did a voice recording through PowerPoint and set it to play in the background of all slides. Everything was perfect and working great, so I saved and closed it for the night. Today, I opened the presentation and the audio I recorded starts to play immediately without me doing the slide show. When I click on the audio icon on the first slide, it doesn't show that imanything is playing, so I can't pause it. So I thought closing the file and reopening it might help, but the audio STILL KEPT PLAYING after I closed it. I had to close out of every open program to get it to stop. There wasn't an audio program open or anything, so I have no idea whats happening.  I already tried deleting the audio from the presentation, but that didn't work. I have the audio saved on my computer though; should I try deleting that too?  Has this happened to anyone before? Any ideas on how to fix it? Any feedback will be greatly appreciated!!  Edit: forgot to mention that the version I have is the desktop 2016 one.
[AskJS] Best Presentation Tools for Teaching Coding over Video or Web Conferencing? I need to teach my work group (and I hope to eventually release these to the internet) about new coding tech stacks, but I'm not sure what to use to most effectively do this. I've been making slide decks in Powerpoint/Keynote, but it's hard to do syntax highlighted coding (I can screenshot, but then it's not editable 😔), let alone "marking up" with annotations and explanations, unless I do lots of animations.  What are the tools you all use when you make coding tutorials for Youtube and such? I know I could use a code editor itself, but I'd rather stick to a set lesson plan and not type everything out live. Also, bonus points if you have some good ways to do animations and make it SUPER easy to follow for the viewer. Keep in mind I'll be doing these either over Youtube or web conferencing (e.g. Zoom).
Using the Files app to access and save files - Is this the best way If I create an Excel file on my MacBook, I want to be able to access it on my iPad Pro, edit it and save it. I also want to be able to do the same thing on my IPhone as well. Right now, if I do this, I have to open the file on my IPad Pro and its a read only so, I have to save it. Then if I try and open it on my IPhone, I have to do the same, therefore making 3 copies of the same file. I would like to just make one copy.   My thought would be to convert all my Excel, Word, PowerPoint files to Google Office Suite and then store them on my Google Drive and then edit them that way regardless of the platform that I am using or maybe try using my One Drive account to save everything that way. I also have a Windows 10 machine that would be nice to edit files as well. Or maybe I am going about this all wrong and need to know a different way.
Is there way to zoom in Powerpoint to my cursor? I would like to zoom where my cursor is like in Illustrator. Is there a plugin I can use or does anyone know how to do this.
Where can I get good, premium, professional looking PowerPoint templates? Can't say if this is piracy-related, but where can I find really good professional-looking PowerPoint templates?
How to play sound files over non-consecutive slides in Powerpoint 2016? Hi guys, i need your help. I have a PP-presentation where i jump a lot while presenting (from slide 1 to 12 and back to 3 lets say). I want a sound file playing over non-consecutive slides and then stop. This was possible in earlier versions but not in newer versions of powerpoint it seems.  example: I am on slide 1, a soundfile starts playing, then i move to slide 12 with a button click, the sound file should still be playing. After slide 12 i go to slide 3, sound still playing. Then to slide 4, the sound should stop. Is something like that possible somehow? Thanks for your replies!
PowerPoint recommendations bar I had today open PowerPoint with blank slide and suddenly I got on the right side recommendations bar with videos (not from my computer) that can be used as first slide. I cant find that bar anymore, can somebody tell me where it is :)  Thanks
PowerPoint template We have developed a PowerPoint slide deck with +1000 unique business slides and are considering to build a business out of it.  Would one be interested to buy, and do you think this could be a viable business model? We are thinking of a one time lifetime subsription fee around USD 30-100.
Need a laptop for computer science classes, software developer career and good for video editing... Which is better the Asus or the Lenovo one? ~ which is better? : Lenovo Legion 81SY00LNPH or Asus Zenbook UX433FNA6108T??       LAPTOP QUESTIONNAIRE**      * **Total budget (in local currency) and country of purchase. Please do not use USD unless purchasing in the US:**      60,000 php- 63,000php (philippine peso)     * **Are you open to refurbs/used?**      no     * **How would you prioritize form factor (ultrabook, 2-in-1, etc.), build quality, performance, and battery life?**     Battery life, performance, build quality, form factor..       * **How important is weight and thinness to you?**      as long as it's not too heavy and too thin, just in the middle.      * **Do you have a preferred screen size? If indifferent, put N/A.**      as long as it's not too big and not too small, again just in the middle hehe     * **Are you doing any CAD/video editing/photo editing/gaming? List which programs/games you desire to run.**      •i will do a lot of programming, photoshop, video editing, powerpoint, word and excel.  I won't play computer games because i'm not a gamer hehe    * **If you're gaming, do you have certain games you want to play? At what settings and FPS do you want?**     i don't play computer games that much..     * **Any specific requirements such as good keyboard, reliable build quality, touch-screen, finger-print reader, optical drive or good input devices (keyboard/touchpad)?**      long battery life, perfect for my price range, i7 with 8gb ram(upgradable) 256gb/512gb(upgradable), good quality and performance.  no need for fancy features..     * **Leave any finishing thoughts here that you may feel are necessary and beneficial to the discussion.**      I can accept suggestions from others even tho I'm not buying in the US.. and can u recommend me po a better option than these two that I said if u have any suggestions? Hehe.  and is kwancorp website reliable for us to buy the laptop?, We are far from the city so we resort to online shops, websites etc. for buying laptops especially during this lockdown haha
What factors made custom e-learning solutions a big hit among organizations? Custom e-learning solutions have become a powerful tool of the modern digital learning space. The custom e-learning solution has helped custom e-learning companies in India to end the learning problems that learners faced with the text-based learning mediums such as reference books and learning materials of the correspondence courses.  **Problems faced by the working professionals while upskilling and new inductees during training programs**  Working professionals who wanted to upgrade their knowledge used to enroll in a correspondence course or technical institute. However after returning from the workplace, the working professionals used to find it very difficult to comprehend the heavily worded terminologies and technical jargon used in the textual form, with least examples, in the learning materials. Similarly when various organisations conducted training for the new inductees, some inductees found it difficult to absorb the concepts explained during the training programs, presentation on the PowerPoint slides. The reason for the inability of the working professionals and the new inductees to understand the content present on the learning materials or PowerPoint slides is, primarily, due to the plain text content used for the explanation purpose. The plain text puts a lot of load on the learner’s brain to comprehend rather than explaining them. Thus content in PowerPoint slides and plain text on books posed numerous learning problems for the learners.  **How did the custom elearning solution come to the rescue? What research studies say about the custom elearning solution?**  When various organizations approached different  consider a host of parameters so that the learners find e-learning materials interesting, and they induce further curiosity in the learner’s mind to learn more from the e-learning course-ware.
Where’s the svg icon library? Hey all  PowerPoint’s icon library is great and being able to drag in other SVG files is cool. But wouldn’t it be nice to add svg files to the build-in icon library?  Is it possible?
[Offer] I will be your Virtual Assistant for $5 per hour Hello, I'm looking for a side job where I can be your virtual assistant for $5 per hour. I like things to be organized, I keep my files in certain folders to keep things clean and tidy. I am also adept in using MS Word, PowerPoint and Excel. I have a degree in Financial Management and so I also have knowledge in bookkeeping.  **Things I'll do for you:**  * Organize your files on Google Drive or any Cloud Storage * Remove unnecessary files and emails that is on your drive or inbox * I can also answer inquiries through emails, chat bots, and other social media platforms you have * Will set upcoming schedules, appointments, events or meetings on your calendar * Document conversions such as PDF to MS Word, PDF to MS Excel/Spreadsheets, .txt files to Word Documents etc. * Data Entry work through MS Excel * Bookkeeping - keeping track of your expenses and income * Create PowerPoint Presentations for you * I can also create automated Excel sheets for you  I have my time tracker on my laptop and I can send over the hours of how long I worked for the tasks. I'm looking for decent work and I'll work transparently for you as well, everything you send to me will be 100% confidential and I will do my very best to accommodate your needs effectively as well.  You can also send me an email at:   Thank you!
Doing a sales presentation over Zoom is like doing a pitch in a darkened room... During the week, I did a sales presentation with 3 decision makers of a medium-sized (100 employee) enterprise over Zoom. Conveniently, they all claimed they had no webcams. So, I started my PowerPoint and it really felt like giving a presentation in a darkened room. I stopped the presentation a few times to ask some cursory questions whether X or Y would apply to them and I would hear a "yes" or "no". I also use these questions to initiate a more collaborative pitch (i.e. get THEM talking) but the dynamic of  video link seems to greatly interrupt the transition from going from "talking to them" to "talking with them".  I'm a fairy good reader of body language and often use non-verbal communication cues to alter the presentation on-the-fly but even that option was also cut-off to me. Sales presentations over video link suck. / End of rant.
Why did the astrophysicist decide to add pictures of nude, fat women bending over to his PowerPoint presentation? Because the topic was on cosmic gas clouds.
[For Hire] Virtual Assistant to organize and sort out your files for you Hello, I'm looking for a side job where I can be your virtual assistant for $15 per hour. I like things to be organized, I keep my files in certain folders to keep things clean and tidy. I am also adept in using MS Word, PowerPoint and Excel. I have a degree in Financial Management and so I also have knowledge in bookkeeping.  **Things I'll do for you:**  * Organize your files on Google Drive or any Cloud Storage * Remove unnecessary files and emails that is on your drive or inbox * I can also answer inquiries through emails, chat bots, and other social media platforms you have * Will set upcoming schedules, appointments, events or meetings on your calendar * Document conversions such as PDF to MS Word, PDF to MS Excel/Spreadsheets, .txt files to Word Documents etc. * Data Entry work through MS Excel * Bookkeeping - keeping track of your expenses and income * Create PowerPoint Presentations for you * I can also create automated Excel sheets for you  I have my time tracker on my laptop and I can send over the hours of how long I worked for the tasks. I'm looking for decent work and I'll work transparently for you as well, everything you send to me will be 100% confidential and I will do my very best to accommodate your needs effectively as well.  You can also send me an email at:   Thank you!
Saving slides as High Resolution images (Power Point v16.39 on MAC) HELP Hi PowerPoint Community! I create a lot of press kits and instagram posts using Power Point. Due to the sheer volume of content I'm required to produce, I usually stick to Power Point over any graphic design program because it allows me to quickly scale what is needed. That said, is there any way to export slides as images in much higher resolution? I'm currently exporting Instagram posts at 1080x1080 and then press kits at 1920x1080. Is there any feature or tip I'm currently overlooking? Thanks!
The Beauty of Catholicism Can I just say that I love being Catholic. This is a wonderful faith rich with intellectual tradition, ration, emphasis on both Faith and Reason, and most importantly the teaches of Jesus Christ.   I love how our masses have a bigger picture and mean something. They tell us the story of Jesus and allow us to walk in his shoes each sunday and calls us at the end to go forth and peace glorifying the lord, so we too may become disciples.   I found visiting a church with my friend called, "Freedom Church". Inside they had a coffee bar and the sermon was given by a man in jeans with 2 big PowerPoint presentation screens while Christian rock was playing in the background. While this is fine, nothing wrong here, to me it lack the depth of a Catholic Mass, especially a Latin Mass.   I don't want to just go to mass to feel good and to be able to hit up the coffee bar during a sermon, no I want to be with Jesus and ponder the mysteries. I love that us catholic meditate and think upon our faith. We have a vast intellectual tradition. During my confirmation classes we were constantly asked about why we are here, what is it to be catholic, why do we want to be catholic. We embrace life's questions and our faith just as Mary did asking God how could she have a child, she was unwed.   I love our roots, our tradition, our worship, our ideals, and I love being Catholic.
how to set XP pen for optimal note taking/handwriting? Hi everyone - I just got an XP Pen and I downloaded the "Pen Tablet Setting" program. There are so many options ie soft v hard; absolute v relative; etc. I was wondering what the best combination of all these settings were to take notes. i'm trying to "draw" on PowerPoint to take notes on slides and my handwriting isn't being mimicked very well...
25 [M4F] USA - A PowerPoint presentation for you Hello, I know things are difficult now but that shouldn't stop me from asking how have you been? Did anything make you laugh today? Did you help anyone? You know what Kurt Vonnegut said, "We are here to help each other get through this thing, whatever it is. "  I guess it was a useless introduction with lots of talk with no information. Here's a presentation about my interests etc: http://imgur.com/a/Ez4PVup  In case you don't want to click a random link on internet I will tell a few things that are in the presentation. I'm 25, male. I live in US. I'm a physics graduate student. Appearance wise, I'm 5'7", skinny, long black hair. I wear glasses. In my spare time I like to read fictions, cook, watch TV/ movies...You know the usual stuff. I'm not into gaming but don't mind if you are. I'm looking for a relationship. I don't mean to say that I want to get into a relationship immediately. I know that building a genuine relationship takes time. But relationship is my final goal. It should start with getting to know each other.  If you think we might get along please hit me up. Thanks!
Alphabet Logo Trivia Game (Powerpoint Game Shows) When everything went into lockdown, my family was looking for a way to spend time with extended members in different states. I had the idea to create a trivia based game similar to the logo retail game. Now with nearly 8 different versions, my family and friends love the game that has come to be know as "Logo Mania". I have spent a lot of time making hints and bonus questions from scratch. This is just one version of the game (if you enjoy comment and I will post the rest).  I know very little about the capabilities of Powerpoint, and I hope this community can point out some improvements.  I am hoping some of you would try out my game and give me some constructive criticism to improve it. In the link will be everything you should need to get started. Make sure to enable content when prompted and install the Kabel-Heavy font first.  
Questions about PP compatibility across different systems Hi everyone!  I am creating a PowerPoint presentation that someone else will be presenting at a business event. I am on Microsoft PowerPoint for Mac, Version 16.39 (20071300). The person who will be delivering the presentation is on a Microsoft PC, but I'm not yet sure what their PowerPoint and system specs are.  What I'm curious about is whether or not the presentation that I save and build will actually look and act correctly on the presenter's machine. I assumed (maybe incorrectly) that since PowerPoint is the most-used presentation software, it would have compatibility across many different systems, but now I'm not so sure.  The presentation in question has plenty of animations as well as a custom font.  How can I save the file in a way that will ensure it displays and animates correctly on the presenter's machine? Should I save it as a presentation (.pptx) or as a show (.ppsx)? Is there anything else I can do to ensure its functionality and appearance is correct?  Thanks in advance for any help you can offer!
Smart object Inception question I am trying to set up a banner, mini banner, icon, power point background, and video thumbnail all using the same stock asset, but scaled different depending on the output mentioned above.  Right now, I have a file set up that when I change one smart object, it makes the change across the rest of the smart objects that are copied and then I can automatically export my banners as needed.  Taking that  step further I want to be able to point all of the aforementioned file types to one smart object that when I change, it populates the change across them all. The kicker is, I want it to retain the dimensions needed (for example, our powerpoint backgrounds are built at 1920x1080, but banners that we use range from 800x250 - 600x1100, and all kinds of wild sizes, so things are scaled differently or placed in the document differently).  In case the above isn't clear, imagine we have a 1000x1000 image as our main smart object. When I place it into the icon, i scale it to 262x146. The same linked smart object is in one of my 800x200 banners, but the smart object is clearly cropped out of the artboard a bit. I am ok with that and want it to stay that way. When testing this, when I made changes to the main smart object, it resized them in the other files that referenced the main linked smart object (when all I did for testing was change the hue).  If anyone can help me wrap my mind around this, or point me in the direction to help me with this, I would greatly appreciate it. The only thing I thought that might work would be to place a smart object inside of another smart object, but I didn't think that'd work. Thanks in advance for any help!
Online Classes for IIT JEE: A Blessing in Disguise During Lockdown Getting into IIT is a vivid dream of many for which they put every extra effort along with their regular education. Many coaching institutes have come up in various parts of India over the past years, where students are given specialized classes for IIT JEE preparation. However, the year 2020 has been an exception so far. The coronavirus pandemic has led to the postponement of the JEE Main and JEE Advanced exams. The coaching institutes are also temporarily shut down. All this has not only made students more anxious about their future but has also made it difficult to prepare for JEE.  **• The Rise of Online Coaching for IIT JEE**  This is a crucial time for the whole country especially for the students as their future is at a big stake. However, like a blessing in disguise, online coaching for IIT JEE is proving out to be a promising alternative for the traditional classroom-based coaching. Leveraging the technological advancements of today where a person can connect with a group of others using video conferencing, the offline coaching institutes have commenced IIT online coaching. Teachers are working from their homes, preparing lessons for their students, recording lectures, and providing online video-based classes to the students.   The 
i LOVE bullet points - not a powerpoint kinda gal but, yes &lt;3 - like look at this - i love the spacing - very gorgeous - she is very beautiful to me!!!!!
Unable to connect : Reservation Time-out For the past week, I'm getting this error often before joining match.  Lobby animations of Legends freeze ( more like goes into powerpoint mode ) . Lobby remains stuck in "Connecting to match" for lot longer. Sometimes it connects and sometimes I get " Unable to connect : Reservation Time-out" error.
Using KeyDown in PPT VBA on macOS PowerPoint 2019 for Mac:  Only ActiveX objects support KeyDown.      Private Sub CommandButton1_KeyDown(ByVal KeyCode As MSForms.ReturnInteger, ByVal Shift As Integer) If (KeyCode = vbKeyRight) Then SubRoutineNameRun End Sub  macOS doesn't support ActiveX objects.  My objective is to use keyboard shortcuts to run sub-routines rather than clicking on a shape or ActiveX Element. I do not want any visible buttons on the slide.
How to convert Powerpoint slides(pptx) to HTML Pages I have to convert a deck of Powerpoint slides into a static website. I would like to know about any tools  and/or libraries available for doing this programmatically. I would prefer Javascript libraries but C#, Java or Python would work too.
